= Lodges

== Overview

Storm Lords::
* [Enlightened](Enlightened "wikilink"): promote (limited) coalition
    and helping between packs and werewolves
* Lodge of Winter: take the Storm Lord tribal oath even further
* Lodge of Crows: secretive and manipulative - usually members of the
    lodge of crows do not openly flaunt their allegiance, pretending to
    belong somewhere else instead
Blood Talons::
* [Blood Seekers](Blood_Seekers "wikilink"): members of this lodge
    seek ever stronger foes, to improve their combat prowess beyond what
    even a Blood Talon might consider sane
* [Bear Hunters](Bear_Hunters "wikilink"): the bear hunters emphasise
    group combat, be it with their pack or a group of trained humans
* Skalds: a lodge devoted to learning from former battles, keeping the
    lore of the old days and the great battles fought since the birth of
    the forsaken
Iron Masters::
* [Shepherds](Shepherds "wikilink"): they see human beings as the
    central part of their territories, and their understanding as a key
    to successfully carry out the Forsaken's duty
* [Lightning](Lightning "wikilink"): this lodge emphasises new
    technology as a tool to keep their territories clean
* [Smiths](Smiths "wikilink"): this lodge encompasses craftsmen of all
    kind and is devoted to keeping the knowledge of old and seeking new
    ways to apply trusted methods

== Bear Hunters

""
Since time immemorial, we hunt. And since then, we have used our
numbers as a tactic to overcome superior foes. The fact that we still do
so today is more than proof for the effectiveness of a pack against
unorganised foes. It is the essence of our existence. To be a Bear
Hunter means to live in the oldest tradition of warriors on earth.
""

The Bear Hunters are a very ancient [lodge](lodge "wikilink") of Blood
Talons in the area of Scandinavia and northern Russia, with traditions
reaching back to the warrior tribes that inhabited the area during the
stone age and earlier. They emphasise working together to achieve a
goal, true to the saying 'the sum is greater than its parts'. While the
Bear Hunters are usually fierce warriors, they acknowledge that combat
is only the last step of a successful hunt. A good group of warriors
employing pack tactics will often have won before actual fighting takes
place, simply by stacking the odds high enough in their favour. The Bear
Hunters are very proud of their old roots, and claim that many of their
traditions and ceremonies have not changed in ten thousand years. Bear
Hunters are usually highly valued pack members, as they raise the
efficiency of the entire pack while on the hunt. Packs consisting
entirely of Bear Hunters are a part of local werewolf legends, and
usually credited with feats that would be considered impossible for
their numbers.

Bear Hunters are known to provide various advantages to their pack
members, employing tactics learned at the regular gatherings of the
lodge. Only few of these tactics involve direct combat - many deal with
preparing the battle ground and steering the prey into a position where
it can neither escape nor properly defend itself.

The Bear Hunters are a very proud tribe, and they would never allow
outsiders to jugde themselves if they are ready to join the lodge.
Therefore, it is impossible to ask for membership - one has to receive
an invitation from within the lodge. That being sad, there are
[ways](Lodge_Initiations#Grigor's_Lodge_Initiation "wikilink") to
expedite such an invitation.

The lodge regularly meets for set traditional occasions, often to
[hunt](The_hunt_at_Autumn_Equinox "wikilink") together.

Mechanical Benefits: Initiates of the Bear Hunters gain the Mentor merit
at one dot, as they are given an older member to help in their
integration process (and judge their progress).

Members of the Bear Hunters can learn the Pack Tactics merit as well as
one Fighting Style (their choice) at reduced cost, due to the constant
training in team combat. They also pay one dot less for the Socialize
skill, as they are more used to company than many other werewolves.
Lastly, they have access to some talens that the lodge produces at its
regular gatherings. Members can expect to be provided with roughly one
talen per year from these meetings.

== The Alliance

The werewolves in central St. Petersburg have formed a loose alliance.
As usual among werewolves, the term 'alliance' has to be treated with
care: All that is asked is that the packs let the 'high jugde' of the
alliance settle territorial conflicts among them before they get out of
hand. Some werewolves, especially those of the
[Enlightened](Enlightened "wikilink") Lodge of the Storm Lords, feel
that even more cooperation would be preferable. However, they admit that
even this small alliance is something to be treasured, given the nature
of werewolves.

The reason most packs join the alliance is that St. Petersburg was in
the hands of the Pure until a few years ago, when a joint effort - led
by [Victor Flammendes-Schwert](Victor_Flammendes-Schwert "wikilink") -
of the Forsaken drove them out of the city. Now, they are in the
outskirts and in the wilderness to the east, constantly trying to take
the city back from the Forsaken. Rumour has it that the [Peter and Paul
fortress](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peter_and_Paul_fortress) contains
a powerful locus home to a spirit of immense value to werewolves, but
the pack holding the territory ([Schatten der
Zaren](Schatten_der_Zaren "wikilink")) does not reveal what exactly it
is. Other rumour says that all members of the Enlightened Lodge are
privy to those secrets, but sworn to not even share them with their
pack.

Whatever resides there, the Pure want it badly, and as they outnumber
the Forsaken, the packs of the alliance cannot let infighting weaken
them too much or else the Pure will strike a killing blow.

== Blood Seekers

""
Do you know why our tribe carries it's name? It was Fenris-Ur who said
he would accept only those who could bathe their talons in the blood of
a true god. This is what we stand for. To truly reach your full
potential in combat, you must strive for this one goal Fenris-Ur gave
us.
""

The [lodge](lodge "wikilink") of Blood Seekers is a loose association of
Blood Talons around the world, who share one common philosophy: To be a
warrior means to constantly seek greater challenges, stronger foes to
best. Some packs value a Blood Seeker member for his contribution to the
overall fighting strength of the pack, while others - especially those
preferring a less direct approach - seem hesitant to accept someone in
their ranks whose highest goal in life is combat. The Blood Seekers are
often seen as the clich√© of a Blood Talon, warriors who care for little
else but the thrill of melee - yet noone who ever witnessed a Blood
Seeker in battle can deny that some of them might truly have reached
their goal: The Blood Seekers are hands down the best fighters among the
Uratha in single combat. It is, after all, what they live for.

Blood Seekers constantly seek stronger enemies against which they can
measure themselves, and it is said that they possess strange Gifts that
allow them to find their foes, and to push their fighting prowess to a
point where they actually can take on stronger foes with a hope of
success.


== Enlightened

""
You ever wondered how humans managed to conquer the earth, despite all
their physical shortcomings? They work together. No matter if they see a
common purpose or follow someone out of fear or love, that is their
strength. And it's about damn time we learn that, too.
""

The Enlightened are a [lodge](lodge "wikilink") of Storm Lords in St.
Petersburg. Most see them as relatively new -- a product of the
[alliance](alliance "wikilink") forged by [Victor
Flammendes-Schwert](Victor_Flammendes-Schwert "wikilink") -- but there
are rumours that it is based on a much older organisation. The lodge is
mostly noted for keeping the alliance intact, and most packs of the
alliance have an Enlightened member, who more often than not is the
alpha.

The members of the lodge see themselves as diplomats, collectors of
knowledge and political leaders. Initiates have to prove themselves in
these field to gain full access to the inner secrets of the lodge. What
exactly these are is unknown, but it seems that a powerful spirit has
allied itself with the lodge and grants several benefits.

The Lodge will never ask anyone to join, as this would be considered a
sign of weakness. Instead, interested Storm Lords can announce their
intention to join the Lodge, upon which they will be subjected to a
[trial](Lodge_Initiations#Angus'_Lodge_Initiation "wikilink").

Upon being accepted into the lodge, [Angus](Angus "wikilink") is now an
Initiate of the Enlightened, which provides him with the free Merit
Allies(Enlightened) 1.

As laid out by [Victor
Flammendes-Schwert](Victor_Flammendes-Schwert "wikilink"), to advance in
the lodge the young Storm Lord has to carry out the duties the Lodge
imposes upon their members:

  - *Librarian's Duty*: contribute an important piece of knowledge or
    wisdom to the lodge's ken.
      - The pack's totem attests that by relating the story about the
        struggle for the
        [fate](The_fate_of_The_Bleeding_Stone "wikilink") of the spirit
        [Bleeding Stone](The_Bleeding_Stone "wikilink"), Angus has
        fulfilled this duty.
  - *Leader's Duty*: show your willingness to lead by successfully
    leading others through a dangerous situation.
      - By leading his pack through the troubles while [hunted by
        mortals](The_fate_of_The_Bleeding_Stone "wikilink"), Angus has
        fulfilled this duty in the pack totem's eyes. While he had the
        perfect place to hide and direct their efforts, he instead chose
        to come out and lead directly, thereby exposing him to great
        danger.
  - *Diplomat's Duty*: show your prowess in dealing with mortals,
    spirits or other supernaturals.
      - The pack's totem attests that Angus has fulfilled this duty
        during his [creation of a Dog's
        Collar](Angus_crafting_a_Dog's_Collar "wikilink").

Once a member has completed those duties -- witnessed and attested by
his pack totem -- he will gain access to the
[secrets](The_Legend_of_the_Lodge_of_Enlightened "wikilink") of the
lodge.

Membership in the lodge has the following mechanical benefits:

  - Due to their totem and the dedication of the lodge to their task,
    members pay only two instead of three XP per dot for the Occult,
    Politics and Persuasion skills.
  - The extensive collection of local tales and legends grants a +2
    bonus on extended research rolls. The lodge's totem is free to
    charge a favour for access, though.

Known members of the lodge include:

  - [Victor Flammendes-Schwert](Victor_Flammendes-Schwert "wikilink"),
    High Judge of the lodge and the [alliance](alliance "wikilink") it
    seeks to keep together, alpha of [Schatten der
    Zaren](Schatten_der_Zaren "wikilink")
  - [Yossif Kradow](Yossif_Kradow "wikilink"), an Irraka who prefers to
    stay in the background, also a member of Schatten der Zaren
  - [Vanya Sokolow](Vanya_Sokolow "wikilink"), the stern alpha of
    [Litanei der Stra√üen](Litanei_der_Stra√üen "wikilink")
  - [Dima Kochegarov](Dima_Kochegarov "wikilink"), a Cahalith who seems
    to be the living record of the lodge and its lore; also a member of
    Litanei der Stra√üen
  - [Angus](Angus "wikilink"), alpha of the
    [Shadowclaws](Shadowclaws "wikilink")

There are likely a few more members from packs a bit further from the
city center, who have not yet made an appearance in the story.

== Smiths

The [lodge](lodge "wikilink") of smiths is an association of Iron
Masters who are close in spirit to the name of their tribe. They are
craftsmen, preserving the old arts and looking for ways to apply them to
the modern world. Their seem to be no members of the lodge within St.
Petersburg.

[Smauri "Forgesoul" Ivarrson](Smauri_"Forgesoul"_Ivarrson "wikilink") is
a famous Iron Master of this lodge, specialising on the production of
weapons for fetishes.


== Lightning

""
Unseen, yet always present - as the electricity running through this
city. Electricity is what defines the modern world, the one we live in.
It can keep you warm at night, or it can strike you down as a
thunderbolt from an unseen direction.
""

The [lodge](lodge "wikilink") of Lightning is a community of Iron
Masters all around the world, who dedicate themselves to understanding
the impact modern technology has made on the lives of the werewolves and
the duty of the Forsaken. For a long time, technological progress was
slow to non-existent, but in the last two centuries almost everything
has changed. This does not only affect the lives of humans - it also has
vast consequences for the spirit world, especially in the cities of the
modern world. Understanding these consequences is of the utmost
importance if one wants to keep the inhabitants of a city's Hisil on
their side of the gauntlet.

Werewolves of the lodge of Lightning have a good understanding of modern
technology, and are known to teach those skills among themselves. They
are rumoured to possess gifts from spirits most other werewolves haven't
even heard about yet.

[Aleksandr](Aleksandr "wikilink") has applied for the lodge, leading to
a very uncommon [night out](Disco_Fever "wikilink").

== Blood Seekers

""
Do you know why our tribe carries it's name? It was Fenris-Ur who said
he would accept only those who could bathe their talons in the blood of
a true god. This is what we stand for. To truly reach your full
potential in combat, you must strive for this one goal Fenris-Ur gave
us.
""

The [lodge](lodge "wikilink") of Blood Seekers is a loose association of
Blood Talons around the world, who share one common philosophy: To be a
warrior means to constantly seek greater challenges, stronger foes to
best. Some packs value a Blood Seeker member for his contribution to the
overall fighting strength of the pack, while others - especially those
preferring a less direct approach - seem hesitant to accept someone in
their ranks whose highest goal in life is combat. The Blood Seekers are
often seen as the clich√© of a Blood Talon, warriors who care for little
else but the thrill of melee - yet noone who ever witnessed a Blood
Seeker in battle can deny that some of them might truly have reached
their goal: The Blood Seekers are hands down the best fighters among the
Uratha in single combat. It is, after all, what they live for.

Blood Seekers constantly seek stronger enemies against which they can
measure themselves, and it is said that they possess strange Gifts that
allow them to find their foes, and to push their fighting prowess to a
point where they actually can take on stronger foes with a hope of
success.



== Shepherds

""
Your herd is your territory. Your territory is your herd. As a
shepherd you watch over them, known, but not recognized.
""

The [lodge](lodge "wikilink") of Shepherds is one of the Iron Master
Lodges that are present in the area of St. Petersburg. Its members are
spread all over Europe and Russia. The emphasis of the lodge of
Shepherds is understanding the humans in your territory -- what drives
them, what do they fear, what do they long for? As humans are the most
prominent source of essence, a deep understanding of the human part of
your territory can make managing the Hisil a lot easier.

It is known that the Shepherds possess some rituals and fetishes that
help them stay in touch with their herd. No precise details are known
outside the lodge, though. The Shepherds also seem to value social
skills highly and have little problem learning them from each other.

The Shepherds [take
in](Lodge_Initiations#Edouard's_Lodge_Initiation "wikilink") any Iron
Masters that turn up. Initiates gain a mentor, often
[Andrej](Andrei_Wind-in-den-Stra√üen "wikilink") himself, represented by
the merit Mentor 1. They are then told to show they can understand
humanity, and that they need not make too much of an effort - the lodge
will know when they are ready.

After working his way into the social elite and gaining access to the
sponsors of Neighbours for Neighbours, Edouard was
[accepted](Charity_Dinner "wikilink") into the lodge by his mentor
[Vanka Iosiforna](Vanka_Iosiforna "wikilink").


== Lodge Initiations

include::lodge_initiations.adoc[]
