= Pack territory

== Overview

The [pack's](Shadowclaws "wikilink") territory is in St. Petersburg, in
the district of Admiralitetsky. It consists mainly of low-income
residential areas and a few larger industrial complexes. The territory
claimed by the pack is marked in red, with the area de facto belonging
to the [Spirits of Fire and Steel](Spirits_of_Fire_and_Steel "wikilink")
marked by a dotted line. [frame](image:Territory.jpg "wikilink")

== Industrial areas

Industrial areas are coloured red.

[Drnaya Steel Works](Drnaya_Steel_Works "wikilink") and [Asovitch
Rohrbau](Asovitch_Rohrbau "wikilink") are both large heavy-industry
steel works that employ many people in the area. They are both not doing
to well, and Asovitch Rohrbau has recently been hit by conflict with the
mafia when they were involved in a [waste disposal
scandal](fight_in_the_sewers "wikilink"). In the Hisil, they are home to
the [Spirits of Fire and Steel](Spirits_of_Fire_and_Steel "wikilink")
court.

== Commercial areas

Commercial areas are coloured yellow.

There is a small commercial area in the southwest of the territory,
located between Asovitch Rohrbau and Drnaya Steel Works. The sports club
(<span style="color:red">**I**</span>) where [Grigor](Grigor "wikilink")
and [Angus](Angus "wikilink") give their courses -- 'self-confidence
through self-defence' and 'meditation and yoga for everyone',
respectively -- is located in this area, as well as the administrations
of the two large companies. There is also a
[cinema](Spartak_cinema "wikilink")
(<span style="color:red">**H**</span>) in this region, where Angus and
his new-founded [Cinema club](Cinema_club "wikilink") regularly visit
and a lot of the youths of the area meet.

The [police department](Admiralteyski_Police_Department "wikilink") for
western Admiralteyski is located in the center north. The local head of
police is since more than a decade -- with a brief interlude -- [Nievo
Ashkov](Nievo_Ashkov "wikilink"). The police department is still trying
to recover from the [recent](Fight_in_the_sewers "wikilink")
[events](Battle_against_Rote_Wut "wikilink") and the raid carried out by
Grigor and [Aleksandr](Aleksandr "wikilink") to free
[Ivana](Ivana "wikilink").

== Residential areas

Residential areas make up by far the majority of the pack's territory
and are coloured blue. The darker the blue, the poorer the area.

In the south and to the west between the factories are run-down areas,
with many shabby and half-destroyed buildings, especially in the west.
Angus lives here (<span style="color:red">**A**</span>; voluntarily,
even). There are some pot plants in front of his home, which he needs to
exchange every few days. A [Locus](Locus "wikilink"), the
[Heimeligkeitsfenster](Heimeligkeitsfenster "wikilink")
(<span style="color:green">**A**</span>), is also located in the
basement of a destroyed building in this area. Next to the river, at the
site of a former theater, is a [garbage-burning
facility](garbage-burning_facility "wikilink") responsible for the bad
air and the lack of rebuilding programs in these parts.

The poor area to the south houses the pack's main
[locus](old_radio "wikilink") (<span style="color:green">**B**</span>)
in the building of the [St Petersburg Sewage and Waste
Authority](St_Petersburg_Sewage_and_Waste_Authority "wikilink"), Angus'
workplace. The area contains [another small
locus](Black_locus "wikilink") (<span style="color:green">**C**</span>)
in a small chapel. This area is home to a poor immigrant community,
mostly Finns and Ukranians.

In the center are low-income houses, mostly belonging to workers in the
two factories or clerks from the factories' administrations. Some also
have their own small shops, mostly in the southwest. The other pack
members, Grigor (<span style="color:red">**B**</span>),
[Edouard](Edouard_Lambert "wikilink")
(<span style="color:red">**C**</span>), [Grigori](Grigori "wikilink")
(<span style="color:red">**G**</span>) and
[Aleksandr](Aleksandr "wikilink") (<span style="color:red">**D**</span>)
live here. The infamous [Bar StroÄ‡ic](Bar_Strocic "wikilink")
(<span style="color:red">**E**</span>) is located in this area, as well
as the largest cinema in the area.

In the east is a [newly acquired](Breeding_Grounds "wikilink")
residential area. Mostly middle-class shop-owners and employees live
here, along with some upper middle-class businessmen. The [St. Nicholaus
Cathedral](St._Nicholaus_Cathedral "wikilink")
(<span style="color:blue">**C**</span>) is in this part of the city, as
is [The Petersburg Night Cafe](The_Petersburg_Night_Cafe "wikilink")
(<span style="color:red">**F**</span>). Under the cathedral is [another
locus](old_altar "wikilink"), but the area sorrounding it is still
swarming with Rahglu and thus very dangerous. There is an ongoing
conflict over property in a large part of the area, where the original
deeds of the houses where lost (and recovered, but not yet published, by
the Shadowclaws). Other problems are crime, especially in the southern
area, and the Night Cafe with its far too late opening hours. The
[Neighbours for Neighbours](Neighbours_for_Neighbours "wikilink")
operate in this area.

== Famous Landmarks

The only famous landmarks in the pack's territory is the aforementioned
St. Nicholaus Cathedral. It is sorrounded by a small park. Sadly, due to
remains of an infestation by [Rahglu](Rahglu "wikilink"), the park is
everything but safe at night.

Only a short distance from the pack's borders is the [Saint Isaac
Cathedral](Saint_Isaac_Cathedral "wikilink")
(<span style="color:blue">**A**</span>) and the [Bronze
Horseman](Bronze_Horseman "wikilink")
(<span style="color:blue">**B**</span>), a large and very famous statue
of the city's founder, Peter the Great.


== Foreign Legion

[Grigor](Grigor "wikilink") leads a number of young boys from the south
of the [pack's](Shadowclaws "wikilink") territory, working for the
mafia.

After his first change, his position as a bouncer quickly became
untenable, but luckily he emerged from the tumultuous first weeks with a
good reputation for taking initiative - something that [Vladimir
Wecek](Vladimir_Wecek "wikilink") told him his bosses were glad about,
and he was assigned to the new [youth club](youth_club "wikilink") to
recruit some young lads and whip them into shape. He has since succeeded
in this, acquiring about a dozen followers, called the "foreign legion"
since there are no native Russians among them.

All the boys from the foreign legion are quite young, in the range of 16
to 20. Without exception, they come from poor families living in one of
the worst areas in the territory, and grew up spending lots of time on
the streets. They see Grigor as a bit of a father figure, a strong hand
that has finally given some purpose to their existence - even if that
purpose is lying, stealing, violence and murder. It is no secret that
all of them are more than a bit afraid of their leader, but they keep
their mouths shut about his eccentricities.

Grigor has blood samples from all of his guys, and has tasted their
blood so he can track them down fast. This has not been necessary yet,
but as a precaution, it is certainly good. It is unknown how much
Grigor's superiors know about his strange practices, or how much they
care as long as he gets the jobs done.

Some are known by
name:

| Name  | Age | Nationality | Short description                                                                             |
| ----- | --- | ----------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Juha  | 17  | finnish     | smart young lad, still a bit hesitant about violence                                          |
| Marko | 19  | ukrainian   | quite violent and nasty, eager to prove himself, boxes in spare time                          |
| Hirvo | 16  | finnish     | very new, nervous, a bit insecure                                                             |
| Niko  | 18  | finnish     | very athletic, good intuition, recently started playing icehockey (financed by his work here) |

Crimes committed:

  - [The First Job](The_First_Job "wikilink")
  - [Infiltration](Infiltration "wikilink")

== Admiralteysky Police Department

A subdivision of the Petersburg police force, itself a subdivision of
the [Ministry of Internal Affairs](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MVD),
the Admiralteyski Police Department mainly works together with the [St
Petersburg City
Administration](St_Petersburg_City_Administration "wikilink"). It
consists of a number of subdivisions:

  - Western Admiralteyski police department: This is where [Nievo
    Ashkov](Nievo_Ashkov "wikilink") works, and it is responsible for
    the [territory](territory "wikilink") of the
    [pack](Shadowclaws "wikilink"). It is housed in a building complex
    together with a fire department on a small island in the northwest
    of Admiralteyski.
  - Eastern Admiralteyski police department: Recently got a new head,
    [Eris Bobrov](Eris_Bobrov "wikilink"). He has a similar background
    to Nievo Ashkov and is already being hailed as his pupil and
    successor. There is a growing number of rumours that the two know
    each other well and worked a lot together. [Angus](Angus "wikilink")
    knows first-hand from Nievo that he didn't even know Eris' name a
    week ago. The new head is very popular and a supporter of
    [Neighbours for Neighbours](Neighbours_for_Neighbours "wikilink").

The
[Militsiya](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Militsiya#Militsiya_in_the_Russian_Federation),
as the police is called, is renowned for brutality and corruption, as
well as lack of funds. Quoted from the english wiki:

The results of a poll conducted on November 10, 2005, published by
Izvestia, show that 72% of people are afraid of militsiya because the
militiamen are thought to often take illegal actions against innocent
people. Another 2005 poll showed that 41% of the Russian population
fears the militsiya more than organized crime.

In contrast to this the local head of police, Nievo Ashkov, is very
popular and renowned for efficiency, honesty - and lack of funds.

== Asovitch Rohrbau

Asovitch Rohrbau is the second largest employer in the pack's territory
- the first is [Drnaya Steel Works](Drnaya_Steel_Works "wikilink"). As
the name implies, the company builds pipes of all kinds, some of which
use the metal produced by Drnaya.

The company was recently involved in the [events around the unrest in
the south](battle_against_Rote_Wut "wikilink"), when it became clear
that they were involved in the southern mafia and the waste disposal
scandal. In addition, they had seemingly kidnapped the son of one of
[Grigor](Grigor "wikilink")'s superiors - who later turned out to be
'hijacked' by a rogue spirit. Nonetheless, the supposed kidnapping
resulted in a bloody Mafia battle on the grounds of Asovich, which saw
the factory closed for police investigation. Since large parts of the
management are accused of having taken an active part in the toxic waste
disposal and are currently awaiting trial, the factory remains closed.
The salaries of the employees have been put on hold two weeks ago, and
it is not clear at the moment what the future holds for Asovitch
Rohrbau.

The Hisil of the factory ground is believed to be part of the area
claimed by the [Spirits of Fire and
Steel](Spirits_of_Fire_and_Steel "wikilink"), although the recent events
- the shootout and the closure - have surely led to the emergence of
more unpleasant spirits in this area.

== Bar Strocic

A bar run by the mafia in the [territory](territory "wikilink") of the
pack. Before [Grigor](Grigor "wikilink") rose in the ranks of the mafia,
he was a bouncer here. There is a back room and a basement where not
even Grigor had access to. Regularly, limousines would bring men to the
bar, who would enter the back room(s). Due to the very unpleasant spirit
landscape at this bar, speculation runs wild as to just what terrible
things might be taking place in the basement. Child prostitution?
Torture? Human trafficking? Trade in some horrible drugs?

The wild speculations as to the nature of the 'business' conducted here
were [recently](The_fate_of_The_Bleeding_Stone "wikilink") given new
fuel, when the pack discovered a distinct tatoo on the body of a ridden
that had created no end of trouble for them. Grigor instantly recognised
it: It grants free access to Bar Strocic.

The discovery of such a mark of entry on the body of a ridden lawyer,
well-established in the city, and associated with criminal elements and
violent spirits, is shocking in itself, but there is something even
worse: The pack easily recalls that the Mafia backed away from Grigor
and refused to help when it became clear he was at odds with The Lawyer.
If even the Mafia doesn't want to anger whatever was behind the agency,
it probably isn't a wise idea.

Or, more precisely, wasn't.

== Cafe Alexanderplatz

A small cafÃ© at the [Wilhelmplatz](Wilhelmplatz "wikilink"), financed by
the [Shadowclaws](Shadowclaws "wikilink") (read:
[Edouard](Edouard "wikilink")). It has reopened after almost two
decades, now ran by [Lana Yakisovna](Lana_Yakisovna "wikilink"), the
daughter of the previous owner who left after his wife committed
suicide. She is a somewhat shy and unremarkable woman, but at least she
is enthusiastic in running the cafÃ©. She previously worked at a flower
store, and as such the cafÃ© sports extensive decoration - despite its
ill state of repair.

The inside is decorated with pictures of the Alexanderplatz and some
buildings in Vienna. There are descriptions explaining how the place in
the german capital has been named after Zar Alexander by his nephew
Kaiser Wilhelm, and how the city is famous for its Kaffeehaus-culture.
So far, visitors have either not noticed or not pointed out the rather
obvious geographical errors ... and the fact that the lightblue-white
decorations of the tables is probably most common in Bavaria, which
again has little geographical or cultural connection to either the
Alexanderplatz, Vienna or a traditional Kaffehaus. Yet the atmosphere is
nice, the owner is comitted (if not very skilled yet) and the coffee is
quite cheap (and good), so there are few complaints.

There are usually not many visitors, likely due to the barren nature of
the Wilhelmplatz, so until now it is a financial failure. The place has
a spirit, [Kaffeehaus](Kaffeehaus "wikilink"), and in the Hisil a
combined effort with [Blood of the City](Blood_of_the_City "wikilink")
and Shadowclaws is made to remove the barren - a project that will not
finish anytime soon, it seems.

[Alena Eristoff](Alena_Eristoff "wikilink") is sometimes here to help,
enjoying some time outside Edouard's place.

== Cinema Club

A number of cinema afficionados have agreed to meet regularly to watch
and discuss films. [Angus](Angus "wikilink") met the group during the
pack early [quest for a Locus](conquest_of_the_Locus "wikilink"). He
kept friendly contacts with the group and occasionally joined them. The
club was nearly (and quite literally) killed during the
[fight](Fight_in_the_sewers#Spirit_Attacks "wikilink") against the
[Great Slimy One](Great_Slimy_One "wikilink"), as the acid fly maggath
attacked Angus (and the club members with him). Angus escaped, but most
of the club members were slain.

The pack, and Angus especially, has vowed to restart the club, part of a
bargain with the [Cinema Spirit](Cinema_Spirit "wikilink") in their
territory for information on the theatre spirits that plagued their
territory during the events of [the theatre spirits on the
loose](the_old_werewolf's_last_play#Theatre_Spirits_on_the_Loose "wikilink").

== Drnaya Steel Works

The western part of the pack's territory is occupied by Drnaya Steel
Works. The factory consists of several parts, transforming scrap iron
and raw materials to pipes, beams and other large steel constructs. The
steelworks are one of the biggest employers in the area, and has
considerable security. It is not known if it is involved with the mafia
that runs a lot of the district's business. Work at the factory is
harsh, and the low pay is one of the contributors to the general
feelings of gloom and despair that are prevalent in the area.

Close to the part were the scrap iron is melted, there is also a
[garbage-burning facility](garbage-burning_facility "wikilink").

The Hisil side of the steelworks is in the firm grip of the [court of
fire and steel](Spirits_of_Fire_and_Steel "wikilink").

== Garbage Burning Facility

Close to the [Drnaya Steel Works](Drnaya_Steel_Works "wikilink"), but
not on the grounds of the factory itself, is a relatively modern
garbage-burning facility, providing some of the necessary energy for the
factory in one of St. Petersburg's 'greener future' projects designed to
increase the flow of foreign aid into the city. This facility is very
controversial, as the fumes make living nearby quite unpleasant, and its
location was formerly occupied by an old theatre held in high value by
the local population. It was torn down without consulting the local
populace, and its most famous actor reportedly killed himself over this
- though urban legends report he was sighted since then, promoting
acting and theatre plays in general.

On the Hisil, the scars of the transformation are even more visible.
Since most of the humans in the area still think of the theatre rather
than the annoying facility now occupying its place, the reflection is a
weird mixture of both: The old theatre building, with smoke extruding
from the broken windows, and numerous heaps of burning trash lying
around. With some patience, it is possible to find older spirits
stemming from the days of the theatre here. Even the newer spirits
residing here seem to assume some aspect of theatre plays, which can
make them quite annoying to deal with. Most spirits in this place claim
allegiance to the [Court of Eternal
Grace](Court_of_Eternal_Grace "wikilink"), though the court does not
claim the area as its own. The place appears to have two spirits:
[Prince Yaromir](Prince_Yaromir "wikilink"), representing the old
theatre, and the spirit of the new garbage-burning facility, which seems
to feed on culture and creativity.

== Mythhunters

The Mythhunters are a private organisation of a number of students who
try to find and film the supernatural - a very dangerous hobby. They
appear to store their data on a central computer and communicate via a
(password-protected) forum.

Recently their numbers have dwindled somewhat, due to arrests and
deaths.


== Neighbours for Neighbours

The 'Neighbours for Neighbours' are a neighbourhood watch scheme
initiated via the [Admiralteyski
Wochenblatt](Admiralteyski_Wochenblatt "wikilink"). They form small
groups, who keep watch in an area to the south of the packs territory.
They [interfered](Breeding_Grounds "wikilink") with the pack on some
occasions, but seem to be quite popular among the locals.

They are, or at least were, somehow involved with the
[Eristoffs](Eristoffs "wikilink"). Some of them were slaughtered when
the Pure attacked, but they recovered quickly, and seem to be better
equipped recently. They are currently trying to be recognised as a
charitable organisation, which they achieved [by
now](Media:Zeitung9.pdf "wikilink").

Recently, they gained support rather rapidly, and now there are even a
growing number of policemen who hail the Neighbours for Neighbours as a
helpful initiative to combat crime and corruption.

[Nievo Ashkov](Nievo_Ashkov "wikilink"), Head of Admiralteyski West,
seems to be opposed to the idea. Yet he was heavily wounded and is
currently in hospital, with release not due for another month. In
contrast, [Eris Bobrov](Eris_Bobrov "wikilink"), Head of Admiralteyski
East, was always an outspoken supporter of them.

== Night Cafe Petersburg

The Night Cafe Petersburg is a club and bar in the northeast of the
packs territory. It is reserved for rich people, and two doormen keep
anyone out who does not fit with the clientele. The bar is infamous
since it is located in a residential area - primarily for workers and
employees - but does not stick to regulations about noise at night. In
fact, it seems it enjoys special protections, as there has not been a
police raid in years, despite neighbours complaining about the noise and
somewhat frequent disappearances of people.

The disappearances are usually explained by young, beautiful people from
the lower stratum of society running away to live as playmates or
something similar. It is well-known that many of the male visitors of
the club "pick up" such beauties to accompany them inside.

== Sewers

The sewers below the pack's territory have seen their share of action
since the pack moved in. They were scene of a
[battle](fight_in_the_sewers "wikilink") the pack fought against a
rising spirit, during which they learned much about them.

While the physical side of the sewers is mostly inaccessible (like most
sewers), the Hisil of the sewers is influenced by the common
misconception people have about sewers, and allows for easy access,
though they are still rather narrow. There is a rather strong
[locus](sewer_locus "wikilink") here, site of constant battles among the
spirits that inhabit the Hisil of the sewers. Since the fall of the
[Great Slimy One](Great_Slimy_One "wikilink") and
[Athumu](Athumu "wikilink"), the power vacuum has lead to constant
fighting between several courts. Since this means the spirits are busy
with each other and don't bother the physical world, the pack has done
little to change this situation, though it makes the sewers dangerous
ground to tread in.

Yet it seems there is more here. In the northern part of the territory's
sewers, one can reach another, older part of the sewer Hisil. Here the
sewers are wide enough to allow small boats to pass, or three people to
stand next to each other on their sides. A small breeze can be felt, the
air reeks of salt and fish rather than the usual stench, and it carries
the old melody as from a distant lute. If one takes the right steps
(following an [old song](the_smuggler's_song "wikilink") that has been
recently covered by Moskau Hotel), one finally reaches another
[locus](smuggler's_treasure "wikilink") belonging to an enigmatic spirit
the pack calls [Meister im Norden](Meister_im_Norden "wikilink"), since
he seems to command the cat spirits in the sewers. The spirit seems
little involved in the usual madness of the Hisil, preferring its
solitary retreat.

There is also a part of the sewer Hisil where the air is filled with a
red mist and screams of agony and pleasure. A sickening smell of blood,
fear and sweat permeates the mist, and entering it leads one to a pit,
where a narrow staircase leads to the origin of the violent sounds. Yet
there are always a number of violent spirits here, attacking on sight,
so little is known about this pit except that it seems to be the home of
a court known as [Roter Hof](Roter_Hof "wikilink") - an utterly
unpleasent court that has caused trouble in the past.

And who knows what else the Hisil hides?

== Spartak Cinema

Located in a commercial area in the west of Admiralteyski, Spartak
cinema is a center where much of the local youth meets, though it has
lost importance with the emergence of the [youth
club](youth_club "wikilink") to the south. Still, since the old theatre
has been converted to a [garbage-burning
facility](garbage-burning_facility "wikilink"), it has become the main
cultural centre of western Admiralteyski. It tries to live up to this
status by showing a wide variety of movies, though much of the
avant-garde scene has moved on to smaller bars in the area.

The [spirit](cinema_Spirit "wikilink") of the cinema is very much alive
and appears to be of Jaggling rank. Though the pack has made two deals
with the spirit in the past (which turned out well), not much is known
about it.

[Angus](Angus "wikilink") runs a small [cinema
club](cinema_club "wikilink") that meets here once a month, part of a
recent deal with the spirit.

== St Nicholaus Cathedral

A bit to the east of the immigrant quarter in the south of Admiralteyski
lies a
[cathedral](http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nikolaus-Marine-Kathedrale),
inside a small park. The park and lower part of the cathedral are open
during daytime, while the upper, more magnificient part is only open
during certain festive days of the orthodox church.

The lock on the upper door was [found
broken](The_fate_of_The_Bleeding_Stone "wikilink") when Grigor pursued a
Ridden here. As the pack informed the authorities, this has probably
been mended by now.

The park's fence is not very high, leading homeless people to sometimes
seek shelter in the park. There has been a series of reported
disappearances of these people, yet noone seems to care enough to
investigate.

After the [death](Breeding_Grounds "wikilink") of one of the workers
here, the entrance to the church and the park had been barred, but
recently both where reopenend to the public.

Beneath the cathedral, behind a brick wall, lie extensive cellars,
former home to a strange breed of [spirit wasps](Rahglu "wikilink").
There is also a [locus](old_altar "wikilink") here, now property of
[She-Who-Was-Eternally-Lost](She-Who-Was-Eternally-Lost "wikilink"). The
cellars have been closed temporarily due to privacy concerns, but are on
the list of places where measurements for the subway constructions have
to be taken.

== St Petersburg Night Cafe

A very noble club in the east of the packs territory. It opens around 22
pm, when the law requires all clubs in the area to close. They seem to
have protection within the [city
administration](St_Petersburg_City_Administration "wikilink"), as there
is never any reaction to the frequent complaints by residents.

The club has three floors, and admittance is strictly monitored -
without expensive designer-clothes, the only possibility to get in seems
to be accompanying one of the regulars. With less than resources 3, one
cannot afford to go here - and even then its more a 'once in a month'
thing.

The club is infamous not only for the noise that disturbs the local
population, but also for the tendency of people to disappear around its
premises. This is attributed to young girls (and occasionally boys)
seeking a better life as playmate and running off with one of the people
visiting the club.

== Youth Club

In the south of the pack's territory there is a center for the local
youth inside a residential area mainly inhabited by immigrants. The area
has [seen](Fight_in_the_sewers "wikilink")
[much](Battle_against_Rote_Wut "wikilink")
[trouble](The_old_werewolf's_last_play "wikilink") recently, and is
generally in a bad shape - many buildings are run-down, and there is no
place for young people to meet.

The ground floor of the youth club features a large area where the youth
can meet and drink (non-alcoholic\!) beverages. The top floor has some
sparsely furnished sleeping rooms, where young people can stay for a
night if they have trouble at home. The cellar houses three 'hobby
rooms', one of which is outfitted with an improvised boxing ring used by
[Grigor](Grigor "wikilink") for 'self-confidence through self-defence'
sessions. Another has a few outdated gym machines, while the third is
empty except for a large table.

There is a staff of social workers employed - an addition provided by
[Vanka Iosiforna](Vanka_Iosiforna "wikilink") - such that at all times
there are at least two persons who can tend to the youth, and make sure
everything stays within bounds.

The club is used by the local mafia for recruiting suitable teenagers
(lack of inhibitions, strength and willingness to obey being the main
criteria). Grigor runs this operation since the mafia assigned him the
post a while ago. He has since recruited about a dozen young lads,
referred to as the [Foreign Legion](Foreign_Legion "wikilink") since
none of them are native russians.
