= St. Petersburg

This page contains a general overview of the setting and important parts
of the saga.

== City

Some information on the city (in case of conflicting statements,
information on this wiki takes precedence): [St.
Petersburg](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/St._Petersburg)

A map of some of the no-man's-land in the City Center:

![Image:PetersburgTerritory.jpg](PetersburgTerritory.jpg
"Image:PetersburgTerritory.jpg")

A map showing the territory claimed by Forsaken packs (some things are
different, e.g. the subway stations in the no-mans-land don't exist
yet):

![Image:packs.jpg](packs.jpg "Image:packs.jpg")

The territory claimed by the [Shadowclaws](Shadowclaws "wikilink") is
the part marked by the red line. The dotted red line shows the territory
of the [Spirits of Fire and
Steel](Spirits_of_Fire_and_Steel "wikilink"), where the player's claim
is only nominal. The area to the north and east is claimed by [Schatten
der Zaren](Schatten_der_Zaren "wikilink") und
[Glasfelle](Glasfelle "wikilink"), respectively. In the south is the
former territory of [Rote Wut](Rote_Wut "wikilink"). Since the pack was
a quite bloodthirsty one, this area should be considered dangerous at
best. The spiritscape is reportedly a huge mess of former allies and
enemies of Rote Wut battling for control. Recently, the last surviving
member of Rote Wut moved in with a [new pack](Crimson_Tears "wikilink"),
but they seem to have a hard time regaining control of the territory.

Most of the closer Terra Incognita appears to be residential and
industrial areas. The area is not claimed by any pack.

Some interesting places in the no-man's-land to the east of the pack's
territory are listed in the [setting](:Category:Setting "wikilink")
category.

The [Admiralteyski Wochenblatt](Admiralteyski_Wochenblatt "wikilink") is
a local newspaper published somewhat irregularly in this part of the
city.

== Territory

The packed carved out a small piece of land in western
[Admiralteysky](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Admiralteysky_District) as
their [territory](territory "wikilink"). The choice was not really
theirs, as an alliance of some packs in the city centre more or less
showed them where a good place for a new pack would be. At least they
provided some initial help. [Aleksandr](Aleksandr "wikilink") grew up in
this part of the city and [Grigor](Grigor "wikilink") had lived there
for a number of years, which probably turned out be more of a problem
than a boon.

== Locus

The pack's main [locus](old_radio "wikilink") is an information locus
located in the newly-established environmental supervisory division of
the [St Petersburg Sewage and Waste
Authority](St_Petersburg_Sewage_and_Waste_Authority "wikilink").
[Angus](Angus "wikilink") works here, so the pack has easy access to the
locus. It is located in the computer of the chief of the unit. Recently,
Angus was promoted acting chief, so the locus is actually in his own
office now.

== Dramatis Personae

Some of the territories inhabitants have regular Dealings with the
werewolves, for various reasons. This is an incomplete list of important
NPC's in the
territory.

| Name                                          | Short Description                                             |
| --------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Nievo Ashkov](Nievo_Ashkov "wikilink")       | Chef of Police in the pack's territory                        |
| [Ivana](Ivana "wikilink")                     | Former working colleague of [Aleksandr](Aleksandr "wikilink") |
| [Boris Koshonin](Boris_Koshonin "wikilink")   | [Grigor](Grigor "wikilink")'s greenhorn in the mafia          |
| [Nadja Ivanetsch](Nadja_Ivanetsch "wikilink") | young criminal, suspected to be wolf-blooded                  |
| [Josuv Stanov](Josuv_Stanov "wikilink")       | a kid from the streets, exhibiting a very strange behaviour   |
| [Vladimir Wecek](Vladimir_Wecek "wikilink")   | Mafiosi, usually the contact of [Grigor](Grigor "wikilink")   |

There are also some important NPCs living outside the packs territory -
mainly other
werewolves.

| Name                                                                | Short Description                                                                                               |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Victor Flammendes-Schwert](Victor_Flammendes-Schwert "wikilink")   | Storm Lord Elodoth and chief judge, the most important werewolf in the city                                     |
| [Andrei Wind-in-den-Straßen](Andrei_Wind-in-den-Straßen "wikilink") | Iron Master Ithaeur and ritual master, often serves as a rituals teacher to Angus                               |
| [Die Amazone](Die_Amazone "wikilink")                               | A werewolf to the south of the pack, Cahalith and now alpha, involved with the players on a number of occasions |

== Factions

Besides the various [spirit
courts](:Category:Angus'_Spirit_Almanac "wikilink"), there are currently
four other packs in the area that are known to the
[Shadowclaws](Shadowclaws "wikilink"), all them are part of a loose
[alliance](alliance "wikilink"):

The pack [Schatten der Zaren](Schatten_der_Zaren "wikilink"), the most
senior pack in the city and the centre of the alliance.

[Glasfelle](Glasfelle "wikilink"), a smaller pack to the far east of the
Shadowclaws. They usually stick to themselves, but have worked as
teachers for the [Shadowclaws](Shadowclaws "wikilink").

The pack [Litanei der Straßen](Litanei_der_Straßen "wikilink"), a
secretive and disciplined pack to the northeast of the Shadowclaws'
territory.

There was also [Rote Wut](Rote_Wut "wikilink"), a pack of Ghost Wolves
with a kill on sight policy. They were not members of the alliance and
where recently almost extinguished in a
[fight](Battle_against_Rote_Wut "wikilink") with the Shadowclaws.

[Die Amazone](Die_Amazone "wikilink"), the sole survivor of the conflict
with the Shadowclaws, has founded a new pack reclaiming the former
territory of Rote Wut. They run under the name [Crimson
Tears](Crimson_Tears "wikilink").

Almost all werewolves in the area are also part of one of the
[lodges](lodge "wikilink") of their tribe.

== Broze Horseman

The [Bronze
Horseman(wiki)](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bronze_Horseman) is a
famous statue of Peter the Great located a bit to the north of the
pack's territory. Legend has is the horseman awakens at night to hunt
its enemies. The statue is allegedly perched on the largest rock ever
moved by man alone.

What exactly the consequences of the legend and the popularity of the
statue in the Hisil are has not yet been uncovered. Reputedly their is a
Steel Predator that goes by the same name.

== Church of our Saviour on the Blood

The [Church of our Saviour on the
Blood](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Church_of_the_Savior_on_Blood) is
one of the most famous churches in Russia. It is build on the spot where
Tsar Aleksandr II of Russia was mortally wounded in an assassination by
anarchists. The Church's architecture is unique in the city, as it was
build in the style of older churches.

The church was long closed to the public, used as a warehouse from 1917
to the mid-60's, when it was dubbed 'Church of our Saviour on Potatoes',
a name still used by less religious citizens. It has since been restored
to its former splendour, and is a major tourist attraction. Religious
services resumed in the 70's, and the crypt is currently renovated. It
houses the remains of Aleksandr II and a number of other important
russian nobles, and is closed to the public.

The pack suspected that the [Red Court](Roter_Hof "wikilink") is somehow
tied to the church, but investigations run into a dead end when they
heard the crypt was completely shut off, the key to the mighty iron
gates resting with the [episcop](Dorofey_Evgenikov "wikilink") of Saint
Petersburg, on old man unwilling to let anyone into the 'unspoiled
sanctum of our mother church'.

== Field of Mars

The [Field of
Mars](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Field_of_Mars_\(Saint_Petersburg\))
is a large public square in the east of central Petersburg. It is
located right next to the [Summer Garden](Summer_Garden "wikilink"). The
correct name is actually 'victims of the revolution square', though
noone uses it.

There is an eternal flame in the center of the large place, as a
reminder of the victims of the 1917 revolution. There is also a number
of statues of russia's greatest generals. The field had many uses during
the history of the city, the longest (and name-giving) being a military
parade ground from the end of 18th to early 20th century.

The spirit world of the place looks almost like an arena, the ground
strewn with sand, large braziers burning in the corners. As the pack
could [experience](The_fate_of_The_Bleeding_Stone "wikilink")
first-hand, a number of warlike spirits live here, taking the form of
ancient warrior statues. They are most likely linked to Mars and the
concept of a warrior, though little is known.

== Menatep Bank

Menatep Saint Petersburg Commercial Bank is one of the leading
investment banks in Saint Petersburg, with an old tradition. It's
foundation reaches back into the 19th century, when it was established
as [Wawelberg Bank](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wawelberg). After the
revolution, the bank temporarily moved to Poland, but returned during
Soviet times.

After a crisis in the 1990s, when the bank came under investigation by
the
[FATF](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Financial_Action_Task_Force_on_Money_Laundering)
for money laundering and financing criminal activities, the bank has
emerged strengthened by the fall of the iron curtain, and is now one of
the primary investors in Saint Petersburg's growing economy, providing
loans for new projects, mergers, and expansions.

The bank is managed by a board of directors with 8 members, one of which
is [Edouard](Edouard "wikilink"), who has the role of [Chief Investment
officer](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Chief_Investment_Officer).

The headquarters is housed in [Wawelberg Bank
building](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wawelberg_Bank_building), in the
centre of Saint Petersburg, close to the [Church of our Saviour on the
Blood](Church_of_our_Saviour_on_the_Blood "wikilink"). The old building
has a renovated, modern interior, and Edouard's office is on the top
floor. There is a permanent security guard at the entrance, and a
magnetic card is needed for entrance.

== Palace Square

[Palace Square](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Palace_Square) is a square
in central St. Petersburg, located in the no-man's-land between the
[Shadowclaws](Shadowclaws "wikilink") and the
[Glasfelle](Glasfelle "wikilink"). It is the historical center of the
civil city (opposite the military and political centre, the [Peter and
Paul Fortress](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peter_and_Paul_Fortress))
and site of several events of world-wide importance. Unsurprisingly,
there is also a very lively hisil here.

The pack did not yet venture to explore the spirit side of square. They
know, though, that there is a monthly
[court](The_High_Court_of_Petersburg "wikilink") here, residing on
nights of the full moon. They used it
[once](The_fate_of_The_Bleeding_Stone "wikilink") to get to a
[spirit](The_Bleeding_Stone "wikilink") which they could not hunt down.

== St. Isaac's Cathedral

[Saint Isaac's
Cathedral](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saint_Isaac%27s_Cathedral) is
the largest church building in Saint Petersburg, seat of the city's
[epsicop](Dorofey_Evgenikov "wikilink") and a famous symbol of the glory
of Imperial Russia. The church is named after the patron saint of Peter
the Great himself.

The building was closed after the second world war, and turned into a
museum of atheism by the Soviet regime. Only after the fall of the iron
curtain was it reopened, and service resumed - although only in a small
side chapel, because the episcop's health does not permit him performing
service in the richly decorated main hall.

Recently, the building has been closed to the public and visitors, to
allow measurements for the construction of a subway line.

== St Petersburg City Administration

The [Saint Petersburg City
Administration](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saint_Petersburg_City_Administration)
is not famed for its efficiency. In fact, general opinion in the packs
territory seems to be that they are a bunch of incompetent fools,
wasting tax money - a view reflected by numerous articles in the
[Admiralteyski Wochenblatt](Admiralteyski_Wochenblatt "wikilink").

The Administration is huge, but there are some parts that are important
for the pack:

  - [St Petersburg Sewage and Waste
    Authority](St_Petersburg_Sewage_and_Waste_Authority "wikilink"), the
    employer of Angus, who leads the branch for western Admiralteyski.
  - [St Petersburg Cultural Heritage
    Authority](St_Petersburg_Cultural_Heritage_Authority "wikilink"),
    the employer of Grigori, who currently works as a restauration
    supervisor.
  - [Admiralteyski Police
    Department](Admiralteyski_Police_Department "wikilink"), strictly
    speaking not a part of the city administration but of the [Ministry
    of Internal Affairs](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MVD). They work
    together closely and are often perceived as one entity. [Nievo
    Ashkov](Nievo_Ashkov "wikilink") is a senior officer within the
    appartment, responsible for the [pack](Shadowclaws "wikilink")'s
    [territory](territory "wikilink").

[Edouard](Edouard "wikilink") knows some of the more important members
from his work at [Menatep Bank](Menatep_Bank "wikilink"), a bank that
sometimes provides credits for construction projects.

=== St Petersburg Cultural Heritage Authority

A branch of the city administration, concerned with preservation of the
many historical buildings in the city - and making money out of them via
tourism. The branch is chronically short on cash, but since this is true
for almost any branch of the city administration (safe the Vodka-related
ones, probably), it seems to function quite well.

The branch also oversees restauration work on old buildings, a
never-ending task in a historically important site as St Petersburg.
[Grigori](Grigori "wikilink") joined the branch some time after his
return. He currently works as a conservator, and as a supervisor to the
underpaid workers the branch enlists for its projects. The offices of
the branch are located in the city center, in a very new building on
Nevsky project. The lower floor is public accesible, and serves as a
tourist information. Every member is required to spend a few hours here
each week, though no one likes to, and these hours are commonly traded
among the clerks as a sort of currency.

Currently, the branch is hopelessly overstrained by the extension of the
city's [subway system](St_Petersburg_Underground "wikilink"),
undertaking statical measurements on the cellars of the old buildings
and trying to locate spots where a caved-in structure might have
previously stood - an almost impossible task due to the lack of archives
from the pre-soviet era.

=== St Petersburg Sewage and Waste Authority

==== Outset

To be able to receive more foreign money, the St Petersburg city hall
opened a branch concerned with environmental safety and other issues
dear to a western European's heart. A frenchman was appointed to lead
the branch, [Maurice Gerald](Maurice_Gerald "wikilink"). A building for
the environmental branch was opened in the pack's
[territory](territory "wikilink"). The building was scouted out by
[Grigori](Grigori "wikilink"), who, then an employer of the city, had
the task to find a suitable building. He wrote the reports clearly
favouring the building for a reason - in fact, the pack's main
[locus](locus "wikilink") lies in the building.

==== Founding

At first, [Grigori](Grigori "wikilink") decided to transfer from his job
as a lockkeeper to the Sewage and Waste Authority, so that the pack
would have easier access to the locus. [Angus](Angus "wikilink") then
followed and started work as an office bitch. After Grigori left, a
chemist, [Andrei Andreiovich](Andrei_Andreiovich "wikilink") joined the
team. The first major task was the
[investigation](Fight_in_the_sewers "wikilink") of a waste disposal
scandal, which let to very high pollution levels in the waters leaving
the sewers. Angus was tasked with mapping out most of the sewers, since
decades of neglect had led to cave-ins, rusted locks, and maps that were
far from accurate.

==== Destruction and Rebuilding

Following the events of [the infiltration of the Rote
Wut](Battle_against_Rote_Wut "wikilink"), Gerald and the chemist were
found dead in the burned-out office. Angus became acting chief of the
division and oversees the rebuilding and reorganisation of the branch.

Renovation of the building took about a month and ate into the funds of
the branch. The recent acquisition of a special robot for better access
of the sewers, part of a deal with [Steel
Spider](Steel_Spider "wikilink"), means there are unlikely to be any
further expansions this year. In particular, it seems Angus will have to
do the job alone, since there is no money for another employee.

==== Current state

Currently, the branch headed by Angus has a small motorboat and some
measuring instruments at its disposal, as well as a special robot
designed to access smaller pipes, collecting samples and helping to map
the sewer system. Much of the laboratory part needed for detailed
chemical analysis was lost in the fire, and has not yet been replaced -
and probably won't be before the new 2003 budget arrives.

== St Petersburg Underground

[Saint Petersburg
Underground](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Saint_Petersburg_Metro) is the
subway system of Saint Petersburg. Built in the Soviet era, most
stations are renowned for majestic construction. In recent years, the
system has replaced the tram system as the major form of public
transport. With the planned addition of more station, this trend is
likely to continue.

There are no stations beyond the territory claimed by the
[Shadowclaws](Shadowclaws "wikilink"), though some are planned, and the
unclaimed land to the east has the central stations where most lines
cross.

After a failed attempt at introducing a general speed limit of 30 kmh in
the city center, the authorities seem determined to expand the system,
adding a number of new stations, one of which would lie in the territory
of the Shadowclaws. However, due to intricacies with the extensive
cellars of many of the old buildings in the city center and the
prominence of underground cavities and rivers in the area, work is
unlikely to begin anytime soon.

The company operating the system, privatised after the fall of the iron
curtain, is currently in dispute with the [St Petersburg Cultural
Heritage
Authority](St_Petersburg_Cultural_Heritage_Authority "wikilink") due to
their expansion plans affecting some old buildings.

== Summer Garden

The [Summer Garden](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Summer_Garden) is a
park in the east of central Petersburg. As the name kind of implies, it
is part of the Summer Residence of the Tsar. Right now, it is on the far
end of the no man's land to the west of the pack's territory.

It is known for its beautiful romantic scenery, and often visited by
young couples in love, or those who hope to become such. It is
surrounded by an artfully worked iron fence. The park has been restored
to its old beauty in the second half of the seventeenth century, after
much of it had been destroyed in a flooding. Still, many people claim
that the older park was even more beautiful - although there is
certainly no-one alive who has seen it with his own eyes, as the park
was destroyed.

The park has a certain air that is very calming, and there is a local
legend that if you entrust the name of a person you truly love to the
wind in the park on a rainy night, you will be given the key to her
heart. The park is locked at dusk, but police usually turns a blind eye
to those who climb the fence on rainy nights.

The [main gate](Summer_Gates "wikilink") to the park appears to be a
[locus](:Category:_Locus "wikilink") of yet undetermined attunement. The
spirit world still shows the park in the night of the flooding more than
200 years ago.

== Twin Palaces

On the bank of the Fontanka River in the east of the old town centre,
close to the territories of [Glasfelle](Glasfelle "wikilink") and
[Crimson Tears](Crimson_Tears "wikilink"), are two old palaces called
Anitschkov and Shuvalov Palace. They have both seen a lot of use
throughout history, the more splendidly furnished Anitschkov Palace
currently serving as a conference center for international conferences,
while Shuvalov Palace is a youth centre where concerts and other events
are regularly held.

Anitschkov Palace was formerly the "House of International Cooperation"
and still has a very calm and friendly resonance, while Shuvalov Palace
long served as the headquarters of the "young pioneers", and has a
correspondingly bland resonance. The palaces are connected by an
extensive park.

In the Hisil, there are a huge number of overlapping reflections of the
park and palaces, representing different episodes of their history. It
is very easy to get lost in the labyrinth of hallways, corridors and
rooms. Not all of the various inhabitants are friendly, especially not
towards werewolves, so it is inadvisable to enter this labyrinth on ones
own. It seems that the geometry of the labyrinth, while certainly weird,
seems not to be changing (at least not constantly), so it is possible to
navigate the maze.

At the heart of the palace hisil, in a splendid ballroom, sits the
spirit who owns this area, called [the maiden](the_maiden "wikilink").
She is fiercely protected by her various followers, in particular by a
number of greater gafflings appearing in the form of guards. The spirit
- and therefore the area - belong to the [court of Eternal
Grace](court_of_Eternal_Grace "wikilink").

== Wilhelmplatz

A small place in central [Petersburg](Petersburg "wikilink"). It is
largely unremarkable, especially when compared to the major attractions
of the area, just a small square with three adjacent houses to the east,
and roads to the north, south and west. Despite being situated in a
solid middle-class neighbourhood, the place is in disrepair: There are
cracks in the plaster, a tree in its centre has long withered, leaving a
patch of mud that has been spilt out on the square by rain; two benches
with broken boards are located next to the former green spot.

The houses at the square don't look much better: There is an old house,
all entrances nailed shut, that looks close to collapsing; a pharmacy
that has [just recently](Petersburg_Wilhelmplatz "wikilink") been
closed, and an old café that has just recently been reopened. All the
buildings are still in disrepair. There are no cobwebs or other signs of
insects between the houses, everything just looks dead.

The destruction in the physical world has not progressed past the place:
The houses on the other side of the road are in good condition, and the
people that live there tend to just ignore the place.

In the Hisil, this is a barren, created by the endless fighting of [the
Son and the Nephew](the_Son_and_the_Nephew "wikilink"). The area of
decay reaches just to the houses, but it's growth has been checked by
the [Shadowclaws](Shadowclaws "wikilink"). It is not entirely void of
spirits, there is some essence to be found here, guarded in turns by the
Shadowclaws and some [Handmaidens of
Bloodshed](Handmaidens_of_Bloodshed "wikilink") hired by the [Blood of
the City](Blood_of_the_City "wikilink").

With the recent opening of [Café
Alexanderplatz](Café_Alexanderplatz "wikilink"), the spirit
[Kaffeehaus](Kaffeehaus "wikilink") can be found floating in the Hisil,
while some visitors find their way to the cozy café that totally
confuses Germany and Austria, placing the Alexanderplatz, its namesake,
in Vienna.
