The werewolves in central St. Petersburg have formed a loose alliance.
As usual among werewolves, the term 'alliance' has to be treated with
care: All that is asked is that the packs let the 'high jugde' of the
alliance settle territorial conflicts among them before they get out of
hand. Some werewolves, especially those of the
[Enlightened](Enlightened "wikilink") Lodge of the Storm Lords, feel
that even more cooperation would be preferable. However, they admit that
even this small alliance is something to be treasured, given the nature
of werewolves.

The reason most packs join the alliance is that St. Petersburg was in
the hands of the Pure until a few years ago, when a joint effort - led
by [Victor Flammendes-Schwert](Victor_Flammendes-Schwert "wikilink") -
of the Forsaken drove them out of the city. Now, they are in the
outskirts and in the wilderness to the east, constantly trying to take
the city back from the Forsaken. Rumour has it that the [Peter and Paul
fortress](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Peter_and_Paul_fortress) contains
a powerful locus home to a spirit of immense value to werewolves, but
the pack holding the territory ([Schatten der
Zaren](Schatten_der_Zaren "wikilink")) does not reveal what exactly it
is. Other rumour says that all members of the Enlightened Lodge are
privy to those secrets, but sworn to not even share them with their
pack.

Whatever resides there, the Pure want it badly, and as they outnumber
the Forsaken, the packs of the alliance cannot let infighting weaken
them too much or else the Pure will strike a killing blow.

[Category:Werewolf](Category:Werewolf "wikilink")
[Category:Setting](Category:Setting "wikilink")