Asovitch Rohrbau is the second largest employer in the pack's territory
- the first is [Drnaya Steel Works](Drnaya_Steel_Works "wikilink"). As
the name implies, the company builds pipes of all kinds, some of which
use the metal produced by Drnaya.

The company was recently involved in the [events around the unrest in
the south](battle_against_Rote_Wut "wikilink"), when it became clear
that they were involved in the southern mafia and the waste disposal
scandal. In addition, they had seemingly kidnapped the son of one of
[Grigor](Grigor "wikilink")'s superiors - who later turned out to be
'hijacked' by a rogue spirit. Nonetheless, the supposed kidnapping
resulted in a bloody Mafia battle on the grounds of Asovich, which saw
the factory closed for police investigation. Since large parts of the
management are accused of having taken an active part in the toxic waste
disposal and are currently awaiting trial, the factory remains closed.
The salaries of the employees have been put on hold two weeks ago, and
it is not clear at the moment what the future holds for Asovitch
Rohrbau.

The Hisil of the factory ground is believed to be part of the area
claimed by the [Spirits of Fire and
Steel](Spirits_of_Fire_and_Steel "wikilink"), although the recent events
- the shootout and the closure - have surely led to the emergence of
more unpleasant spirits in this area.

[Category: Werewolf](Category:_Werewolf "wikilink") [Category:
Territory](Category:_Territory "wikilink")