*"Since time immemorial, we hunt. And since then, we have used our
numbers as a tactic to overcome superior foes. The fact that we still do
so today is more than proof for the effectiveness of a pack against
unorganised foes. It is the essence of our existence. To be a Bear
Hunter means to live in the oldest tradition of warriors on earth."*

The Bear Hunters are a very ancient [lodge](lodge "wikilink") of Blood
Talons in the area of Scandinavia and northern Russia, with traditions
reaching back to the warrior tribes that inhabited the area during the
stone age and earlier. They emphasise working together to achieve a
goal, true to the saying 'the sum is greater than its parts'. While the
Bear Hunters are usually fierce warriors, they acknowledge that combat
is only the last step of a successful hunt. A good group of warriors
employing pack tactics will often have won before actual fighting takes
place, simply by stacking the odds high enough in their favour. The Bear
Hunters are very proud of their old roots, and claim that many of their
traditions and ceremonies have not changed in ten thousand years. Bear
Hunters are usually highly valued pack members, as they raise the
efficiency of the entire pack while on the hunt. Packs consisting
entirely of Bear Hunters are a part of local werewolf legends, and
usually credited with feats that would be considered impossible for
their numbers.

Bear Hunters are known to provide various advantages to their pack
members, employing tactics learned at the regular gatherings of the
lodge. Only few of these tactics involve direct combat - many deal with
preparing the battle ground and steering the prey into a position where
it can neither escape nor properly defend itself.

The Bear Hunters are a very proud tribe, and they would never allow
outsiders to jugde themselves if they are ready to join the lodge.
Therefore, it is impossible to ask for membership - one has to receive
an invitation from within the lodge. That being sad, there are
[ways](Lodge_Initiations#Grigor's_Lodge_Initiation "wikilink") to
expedite such an invitation.

The lodge regularly meets for set traditional occasions, often to
[hunt](The_hunt_at_Autumn_Equinox "wikilink") together.

Mechanical Benefits: Initiates of the Bear Hunters gain the Mentor merit
at one dot, as they are given an older member to help in their
integration process (and judge their progress).

Members of the Bear Hunters can learn the Pack Tactics merit as well as
one Fighting Style (their choice) at reduced cost, due to the constant
training in team combat. They also pay one dot less for the Socialize
skill, as they are more used to company than many other werewolves.
Lastly, they have access to some talens that the lodge produces at its
regular gatherings. Members can expect to be provided with roughly one
talen per year from these meetings.

[Category:Werewolf](Category:Werewolf "wikilink")
[Category:Setting](Category:Setting "wikilink")