A bit to the southwest of the packs main locus, in the same shabby
housing area, is another, smaller locus. When the pack first moved in,
this locus was attuned to depression, decay and hopelessness. It was
here that the young, inexperienced werewolves were almost annihilated
when they were ambushed by the spirit that claimed the locus. In the
following struggle, the werewolves were able to beat their opponent with
the help of the [Spirits of Fire and
Steel](Spirits_of_Fire_and_Steel "wikilink") and a special weapon
exploiting the spirit's ban. The locus, as was a condition for the aid
of the powerful court, was destroyed in the process, and lay dormant for
quite a while.

When [She-Who-Was-Eternally-Lost](She-Who-Was-Eternally-Lost "wikilink")
escaped from the [red court](Roter_Hof "wikilink"), she was drawn to the
area of the locus. After her deal with the pack exempt her from
prosecution by the werewolves, she began to settle in and form a
powerbase of her own. The locus has since reappeared a few meters
further, inside a small orthodox chapel (the locus' physical
manifestation is the crucifix at the wall behind the altar). It seems to
be attuned to feelings of loss, and the fear associated with them. The
air in the building is correspondingly gloomy, yet many of the locals go
here to pray for lost loved ones, or to be alone with their grief.

[Category:Werewolf](Category:Werewolf "wikilink")
[Category:Territory](Category:Territory "wikilink")
[Category:Locus](Category:Locus "wikilink")