*"Do you know why our tribe carries it's name? It was Fenris-Ur who said
he would accept only those who could bathe their talons in the blood of
a true god. This is what we stand for. To truly reach your full
potential in combat, you must strive for this one goal Fenris-Ur gave
us."*

The [lodge](lodge "wikilink") of Blood Seekers is a loose association of
Blood Talons around the world, who share one common philosophy: To be a
warrior means to constantly seek greater challenges, stronger foes to
best. Some packs value a Blood Seeker member for his contribution to the
overall fighting strength of the pack, while others - especially those
preferring a less direct approach - seem hesitant to accept someone in
their ranks whose highest goal in life is combat. The Blood Seekers are
often seen as the clich√© of a Blood Talon, warriors who care for little
else but the thrill of melee - yet noone who ever witnessed a Blood
Seeker in battle can deny that some of them might truly have reached
their goal: The Blood Seekers are hands down the best fighters among the
Uratha in single combat. It is, after all, what they live for.

Blood Seekers constantly seek stronger enemies against which they can
measure themselves, and it is said that they possess strange Gifts that
allow them to find their foes, and to push their fighting prowess to a
point where they actually can take on stronger foes with a hope of
success.

[Category:Werewolf](Category:Werewolf "wikilink")
[Category:Setting](Category:Setting "wikilink")