# First Episode

## Intro: Hunt

[Angus](Angus "wikilink") was just putting a new pot plant in the
corridor of his apartment, cursing the neighbour's ever-hungry dog, as a
small rabbit came running out of nowhere, across the corridor. At first
he was surprised: A spirit, in this world, so blatantly showing itself
to a werewolf? Then it struck him: The rabbit foot he had given to
[Nadja](Nadja "wikilink") had been broken\!

He was out of the building within a few seconds, calling his packmates
on the cellphone. "Nadja is in trouble" was all he needed to say.
[Aleksandr](Aleksandr "wikilink") picked him up with the van,
[Grigor](Grigor "wikilink") and [Grigori](Grigori "wikilink") preferred
their own rides. They met at her apartment, the obvious place to start a
search. Angus picked up her trail in seconds -- her scent was very
familiar by now. Shifting to Urhan, he was once more glad about his dogs
collar. The pack set off on the trail, Angus leading the group as a big
dog.

After some turns they found the discarded rabbit foot. The scent also
changed: Angus could make out a note of fear on it. It was an even more
familiar note, showing him once again that Nadja had not completely come
to grips with their relationship and his true nature. Well, that was a
problem for another day. There were other trails, but too many to make
out any possible attacker or pursuer. At least there was no panic or
blood, so it seemed she had escaped.

Following the trail further, the pack arrived at a night bar. They
exchanged glances, then Angus and Grigori went inside while Aleksandr
and Grigor covered the back door.

The club was a confusing mixture of noise, sweat and various other
scents related to mating and drinking. It took them quite some time to
make out Nadja. She stood at the bar, her eyes shifting rapidly over the
room, as if she was looking for something. If there was any doubt
before, this proofed she was being followed. Angus and Grigori set about
identifying her pursuers, with Grigori finding a men who had his eyes
firmly locked on the woman. He stood at the side of the dancefloor,
seemingly uninterested. Grigori moved aside him, trying not to draw
attention.

Meanwhile, Angus headed towards the bar. Playing drunk, he crashed into
Nadja, babbling "Let's go home, honey...". Nadja was not pleased, and
before long, a small group of young men came to her protection,
prompting Angus to leave. At the same time, Grigori noticed the man
starting to move towards Nadja. He tried to stop him, but suddenly the
men turned around and extended long mandibles from its mouth, sinking
them into Grigori's shoulder.

Grigori managed to send a single message out: DEFCON 1. It did not take
more for Grigor to act: Drawing the shotgun from under his coat, he
broke the door to the back of the bar, heading for the dancefloor. A few
seconds later, panic had ensued, as everyone tried to get out of the
bar. Angus was caught up in the stampede and unable to make it towards
the exit. [Edouard](Edouard "wikilink"), still in the van, started to
pursue the fleeing ridden.

Grigor and Aleksandr took the back exit and ran towards the van, trying
to jump inside. Grigor made it due to his Gift, but Aleksandr ended up
under the wheels of the van. Edouard, not wanting to let the strange
ridden escape, drove on. Grigor drew his pistol, and they were able to
easily take down the first fleeing ridden. The remaining two split up,
so Grigor jumped out to pursue one, while Edouard simply drove his van
into the other. When Angus and Grigori emerged from the bar, Nadja with
them, the three strange attackers were already dead.

Nonetheless, the question remained what exactly they were and why they
had been after the wolfblood.

## Act 1: A dark threat

The pack started to investigate the origin of the strange creatures.
Following the trail of their scent, they arrived at [St. Nicholaus
Cathedral](St._Nicholaus_Cathedral "wikilink") in the no-mans-land
between their territory and the [Glasfelle](Glasfelle "wikilink").
There, [Shuro Koshonin](Shuro_Koshonin "wikilink") was already waiting
for them. He dropped out of the shadows right next to the pack.

*"Ah, I see you are following trails. I am here to remind you of your
promise. What you seek lies here. Remember what we discussed."*

And with that, he turned away, vanishing into the shadows after a few
steps.

Using Aleksandr's and Angus' connections, the pack found out that one of
the humans was from this area, and where he lived. They broke into his
flat and interviewed the other residents of the building. It turned out
there was a dispute in the area, also mentioned in the [local
papers](Admiralteyski_Wochenblatt "wikilink"): The majority of residents
where either Russian middle-class shop owners or academics, mostly
foreign, who worked in the many cultural sites of Saint Petersburg. The
two factions were bitter enemies and had often petitioned the owners of
the building to evict the other side. The problem was that the question
of ownership was unclear, as some papers were missing.

Then they found out that the attic was closed off for 'security reasons'
(as there was the clear owner, no-one felt responsible for repairs), but
the lock had recently been broken. When they opened the door, there was
an unmistakable smell of blood and rotting flesh. Investigating, they
not only found the papers of ownership (almost bleached out), but also
the body of a man. It seemed to have been killed a while ago, and there
were several parts missing.

Edouard met Vanka from the Glasfelle to try and get the coroner's report
- the body had been taken to a hospital in their territory. He was
unsuccessful at first, but then Vanka made a call. A few minutes later
he had the papers. It turned out the body had been partially eaten, and
belonged to a man who was missing since a few weeks ago. He had vanished
near an infamous disco for richer kids, the [Night Cafe
Petersburg](Night_Cafe_Petersburg "wikilink"), situated in a living area
and regularly breaking the law by not turning down the volume at night.

Aleksandr knew the bar well. He had never been inside, but word on the
street was that most of the missing people simply left for a better
life, as playmates for rich Russians. Still, some odd stories had
developed there. The pack decided to visit.

Meanwhile, another lead developed: It seems there was a small 'club' of
young men who made a hobby investigating mysteries. Two of them had been
the other two ridden, also living in the rough area. One of them had
apparently heard about the strange attic, and went to investigate.

With Edouard's help, they managed to gain access to the Night Cafe
Petersburg, Grigor posing as a bodyguard. Grigori managed to turn up
some rumour about a strange girl from a poor family, where the turn of
events was reverted: Not the girl vanished, but her lover. The girl was
later seen again, and the lover turned up dead floating in the Neva.
There had been no investigation, and no-one wanted to describe the girl
more closely than that she was "quite a beauty".

On the next day, the pack set out to unearth more information about the
dead boy. Aleksandr spent his day asking around in the neighbourhood.
Noone could - or wanted to - remember the girl. When he finally gave up
and made his way home, he was stopped by a group of people from
[Neighbours for Neighbours](Neighbours_for_Neighbours "wikilink"). They
told him he had been asking questions he shouldn't and blatantly
threatened to blame him for a break-in should he not stop. It even
seemed they would not exclude the use of force.

As they were still talking, a car headed up the street at twice the
tempo limit. It made a dead stop in front of the opposite house, and
four people jumped out, running into the house. After the initial shock,
Aleksandr leaned back to see what Neighbours for Neighbours would do.
The one who had spoken hesitated briefly and then went after the strange
people. Everyone followed him, except one guy who stayed back and
retreated inside a nearby house.

Grabbing the opportunity, Aleksandr decided to steal the car. He
shortwired it and was just about to head down the street as something
very big landed on the roof of the car. A furry arm reached inside,
smashing the front window, and pulled the Irraka out into a deadly grip.
Using the gift of his moon, Aleksandr was able to free himself with
ease. The furious Urshul that had jumped atop the car was about to
continue his attack as a familiar voice called: *"Boneblade\! Leave
it\!"*. [Die Amazone](Die_Amazone "wikilink") had just left the building
and was heading towards them. With considerable restraint, the young
Rahu shifted back into Hishu, never taking his eyes of Aleksandr.

Die Amazone moved between them. *"Well, it seems we have an interesting
way of meeting. This is our car, as you might have guessed. What exactly
are you doing here, anyway?"*. It became clear soon that the [Crimson
Tears](Crimson_Tears "wikilink") had pursued a strange spirit into the
building, which was now destroyed. They did not know anything about the
girl. When they left, Aleksandr could not help but smile as they tried
to fit into the heavily damaged car. It was just like Grigor, all these
Rahus.

While Aleksandr's search showed no success, Grigori managed to locate
the parents of the diseased lover with the help of Edouard. On his
visit, they were initially also very tight-lipped, but loosened up a bit
after some soothing words by Grigori. Finally, they told him that the
girl was from the [Eristoff](Eristoffs "wikilink") family, and that
no-one enquired to closely about them and lived.

Her name, they said, was [Alena Eristoff](Alena_Eristoff "wikilink").

## Act 2: A history lesson

With a name at hand, the pack set about to find out more about the
family. The results were discouraging: People either had not heard of
them or were unwilling to talk about them. It took them several days to
find out that they were running a tight, family-owned business in
exports and imports and owned some warehouses at the harbour. None of
the employees came from outside the family, and official records were
totally lacking.

It seemed that there were 5 more important figures among the family:
Isay, Ilpati, Iakov, Ioann and Irinei. They lived in five big buildings,
two of which were in Crimson Tears territory. Again, only family members
lived in the buildings, and the neighbours from other buildings were
unwilling to talk about them. They only issued warnings: *"Anyone
enquiring to closely will disappear."* The homes were secured with quite
modern devices. The pack soon found out that there were also much older
devices not connected to the world of humans at all -- Spirits,
protecting the Eristoffs from Hisil attacks.

When Grigor and Aleksandr tried to enter the home, they were overcome
with a sudden aversion, strong enough to prompt them to leave. Aleksandr
returned later, avoiding the door and heading for a window to enter the
ground floor. He found nothing of use there, and a metal gate with a
digital lock barring the stairs up. Bypassing the lock took quite some
effort, but he managed. As he was heading up the stairs, the ground
suddenly gave way, sending him crashing into the cellar. Ignoring the
pain in his left leg, he made his way back up, only to find the stairs
completely intact. Not wanting to risk further encounters with the wards
of this house, Aleksandr left.

Observing the houses with his two-world eyes, Angus found out their
spirits had been awakened. He could also see other spirits lingering
around the house. Even more surprising, it seemed that the family heads
were accompanied by [Handmaidens of
Bloodshed](Handmaidens_of_Bloodshed "wikilink") in the Hisil. Someone
paid a high price in essence for the protection of this family.

Grigori tried to contact the familiy heads for a meeting, but they did
not return any calls. Other attempts to initiate correspondence were
equally unsuccessful: The Eristoffs were blocking the pack away. Only
one ominous statement could be elicited by Ioann: *"Please stop this,
you are endangering yourself and us."*

The pack learned what that meant a few nights later.

They received a warning in the form of a howl resounding through much of
St. Petersburg. It was die Amazone, and her message was clear and
simple: Pure. The pack gathered in their Van and tried to identify where
the attackers came from. Their bond with the [EepEep](EepEep "wikilink")
was their biggest help: They were able to gain information about a big
truck heading into the territory at high speed, accompanied by bikes. As
soon as they learned where, they rushed off in pursuit.

As they had suspected, they found the truck parked in the front of one
of the Eristoff houses. Dead people lay scattered across the street in
front of the house, most of them wearing 'Neighbours for Neighbours'
jackets. Three bikes were parked next to the van. As the pack watched
from their van, they saw werewolves -- clearly in Dalu form -- pulling
people out of the house and shoving them into the truck. Then, they
closed the doors and went on. Their destination appeared to be the next
family home.

Aleksandr accelerated the van, trying to force the truck to a stop. As
he followed it around a bend, the bikes suddenly stopped and accelerated
towards the van. Shortly before the vehicles collided, the riders jumped
off, one landing on top of the van, the other two beside it. There was
no time to think, as the next thing they saw were gargantuan claws
ripping a large piece of the roof away from the van.

The pack dropped its automatic weapons and collectively shifted into
gauru. This was no time for half-hearted efforts. They charged out of
the van, Grigor jumping on top to face the biggest of the Pure.

Aleksandr was the first to jump out of the side, and he was greeted with
a fierce slash that tore half of his face away. He winced, and before he
could recover his opponent sank his teeth into his side, crippling his
left arm. The Irraka let out one last howl and then dropped to the
ground unconscious.

Grigori and Angus met a more fortunate fate. Their opponent tore into
Grigori, who was able to stand his ground. Angus used the opening to
land a vicious bite on the Pure, but their enemy just kept on fighting.
Nonetheless, he was loosing ground to his opponents.

Edouard went out after Aleksandr, but he was able to avoid the fate of
his packmate. He concentrated on defence, avoiding several blows of his
enemy before taking a serious hit.

Meanwhile, Grigor and his enemy faced off on the top of the van. The
Pure had assumed primal form, giving him a distinct advantage. Yet the
Rahu was channelling the blessings of Mother Luna, evening the odds.
Their fierce struggle resulted in both of them taking serious wounds,
but without anyone gaining the upper hand, they fought on, determined to
kill the other.

Grigori took a hit from his opponent, but as the Pure moved in to
exploit the temporary weakness, Angus pounced him and tore his throat
out. His victim dropped to the ground motionless, assuming Hishu form.

Both moved quickly to help out Edouard, who was already bleeding from
several wounds and about to join Aleksandr on the ground.

Just at that moment a car raced around the bend, the passengers
instantly opening fire from several automatic weapons. Edouards enemy
was thrown backwards and ran for the hills. Both werewolves on top of
the van took several hits, and suddenly roared in panic and ran off in
different direction, fox frenzy suppressing all their thoughts.

The car came to a halt, and Schatten der Zaren jumped out. *"Not a
second to late, it seems. You held your ground very well."* Angus was
anything but pleased about the 'help'. *"Why did you not get here
earlier? Is this what this so-called alliance is about? We almost lost
two members\!"* Just as he stood up to the old Elodoth, another howl
split the night, resounding from further south. It told of victory, but
also of loss. It was Boneblades voice. Everyone exchanged glances,
fearing what this would mean.

Silently, the two packs loaded the body of the Pure Angus had slain into
the car, and then Schatten der Zaren drove off without saying another
word. The pack gathered what it could from the scene and set out in
search for their Rahu.

They finally found him in a cellar he had broken into. It seemed that at
least they had another clue: In the cellar were the bodies of two
people, with bits missing everywhere. It was not the bitemarks of a
Gauru, though. And when he recovered his senses, Grigor told them of a
strange spirit he had destroyed when cornered, something looking light a
giant wasp.

On the next day, the full extent of the nights raid became clear: Three
of the five branches of the Eristoffs had been taken by the Pure. Victor
Flammendes-Schwert send around a message that there would be a meeting
in three days to discuss the situation.

Angus was stunned. Three days? He would be lucky if he had a pack left
by then, if things went on like this...

## Act 3: A brewing menace

The pack used the days before the meeting to lie low and gather their
strength. They were running low on essence, and most of them had been
seriously injured in the raid by the Pure. Police investigations around
the incident ceased quite quickly. Officially, biker gangs had duelled
and wiped each other out. Angus smiled at that sad excuse.

[Alliance](Alliance "wikilink") meets to respond to pure attacks and
[mourn](In_memory_of_Amazone "wikilink") the
[casualties](Die_Amazone "wikilink").
[Shadowclaws](Shadowclaws "wikilink") claim the residential area as
their territory.

Eristoffs under investigation by police. Learn more about family, make
first contacts. Fight against [Rahglu](Rahglu "wikilink"), learn the
hard way that they are quite dangerous. Find more dead bodies in
closed-off buildings.

Ioann Eristoff arrested. [Edouard](Edouard "wikilink") helps him take
all the guilt upon himself, so the rest of the family gets away clean.

Alena Eristoff shows up at [Edouard](Edouard "wikilink")'s place, badly
beaten but alive. Tells some interesting details about the family, and
that Ioann told her to seek shelter with Edouard.

Witness [First Change](First_Change "wikilink") of Ilya Eristoff, kill
another attacking Pure. Find out that someone broke into
Marinekathedrale. Behind a wall, old part. There seems to be a nest of
the Rahglu down there, and a [locus](old_altar "wikilink"). Convince
Ilpati that Ivory Claws are no longer in charge.

# Second Episode

## Act 4: Know your enemy

Rahglu escape again, send out three raiding parties, pack largely fails
to counter them. They abduct around 20 people and nearly kill [Nievo
Ashkov](Nievo_Ashkov "wikilink"). Pack starts thinking of ways to
destroy them, visits exhibition on insects.

They find out a famous scientist has been sent a video by so-called
[Mythhunters](Mythhunters "wikilink"), showing Grigor and Edouard fight
the Rahglu. He dismisses it as nonsense and willingly gives it to
Grigori. The pack starts investigating the Mythhunters, catches one as
he tries to enter the Marinekathedrale.

Further investigations lead to a tract of cellars that the Mythhunters
have set their eyes upon. The pack gets there first and finds some
Rahglu, confirming their suspicion that the Queen is not needed to lay
eggs -- the simple drones can do that. They win the fight, though it is
close.

They finally put together what they have and determine that they are
about to loose the fight -- if all the abducted people successfully
hatch more Rahglu, the numbers of them will grow beyond a point where
the pack can defend. The queen seemed to be getting more and more
intelligent, carrying out raids to abduct people, and they already had a
number of ridden humans at their command.

They determined to do a surgical strike -- an attack on the hive to
destroy its capabilities. Certain they could never face all the Rahglu,
the things they first had to do were: Find a diversion, gain allies for
the attack, and find out what they could do to cause the most damage.

They found a diversion in the spirit of the [garbage-burning
facility](garbage-burning_facility "wikilink"), who was offered a steep
price: Any archeological findings during the excavation of the new
subway system would be stored in the facility (and effectively burned).
In return, the facility spirit flooded the halls of the Rahglu with a
strong odour, temporarily disabling their communication.

They determined three targets: Kill the Queen, change the attunement of
the locus down there to deny the Rahglu their food, and kill the
abducted humans to deny the eggs to hatch.

To kill the Queen, they took [Boneblade](Sergei_Grigorovich "wikilink")
along, who was eager to be accepted into the Blood Seekers. He was
accompanied by Grigor. Edourd led some Eristoffs to kill the humans.
Angus gained the support of
[She-Who-Was-Eternally-Lost](She-Who-Was-Eternally-Lost "wikilink") to
change the locus, though she would claim the newfound one.

## Final: Raid on the hive

Their raid was half successful: They changed the attunement of the locus
and killed a good portion of the abducted humans, though Boneblade and
Grigor could not get past the Queen's Guards. They had to retreat when
the dense smog lifted, leaving behind two dead Eristoffs.

Time would have to show if the raid was sufficient to dislodge the
parasitic wasp-spirits.

[Category:Werewolf](Category:Werewolf "wikilink")
[Category:Tales](Category:Tales "wikilink")