A small café at the [Wilhelmplatz](Wilhelmplatz "wikilink"), financed by
the [Shadowclaws](Shadowclaws "wikilink") (read:
[Edouard](Edouard "wikilink")). It has reopened after almost two
decades, now ran by [Lana Yakisovna](Lana_Yakisovna "wikilink"), the
daughter of the previous owner who left after his wife committed
suicide. She is a somewhat shy and unremarkable woman, but at least she
is enthusiastic in running the café. She previously worked at a flower
store, and as such the café sports extensive decoration - despite its
ill state of repair.

The inside is decorated with pictures of the Alexanderplatz and some
buildings in Vienna. There are descriptions explaining how the place in
the german capital has been named after Zar Alexander by his nephew
Kaiser Wilhelm, and how the city is famous for its Kaffeehaus-culture.
So far, visitors have either not noticed or not pointed out the rather
obvious geographical errors ... and the fact that the lightblue-white
decorations of the tables is probably most common in Bavaria, which
again has little geographical or cultural connection to either the
Alexanderplatz, Vienna or a traditional Kaffehaus. Yet the atmosphere is
nice, the owner is comitted (if not very skilled yet) and the coffee is
quite cheap (and good), so there are few complaints.

There are usually not many visitors, likely due to the barren nature of
the Wilhelmplatz, so until now it is a financial failure. The place has
a spirit, [Kaffeehaus](Kaffeehaus "wikilink"), and in the Hisil a
combined effort with [Blood of the City](Blood_of_the_City "wikilink")
and Shadowclaws is made to remove the barren - a project that will not
finish anytime soon, it seems.

[Alena Eristoff](Alena_Eristoff "wikilink") is sometimes here to help,
enjoying some time outside Edouard's place.

[Category:Werewolf](Category:Werewolf "wikilink")
[Category:Territory](Category:Territory "wikilink")