A [spirit court](spirits "wikilink") concerned with the arts, culture
and associated things. It is unclear how far exactly the domain of this
court goes, but given that it is quite powerful and many of the old
historical buildings also belong to it, it might even encompass nobility
and similar cnocepts. The pack came into contact with the court during
the events of [the old werewolf's last
play](the_old_werewolf's_last_play "wikilink"). Possibly, [Prince
Yaromir](Prince_Yaromir "wikilink") is a member of this court. Other
likely members include the spirit known as [Meister im
Norden](Meister_im_Norden "wikilink") and [the Bleeding
Stone](the_Bleeding_Stone "wikilink").
[Kaffeehaus](Kaffeehaus "wikilink"), the spirit of [Café
Alexanderplatz](Café_Alexanderplatz "wikilink"), is a member of this
court allied with the pack.

The court has a mixed history with the pack, acting as opponent during
[the old werewolf's last play](the_old_werewolf's_last_play "wikilink"),
as advisors during [the fate of The Bleeding
Stone](the_fate_of_The_Bleeding_Stone "wikilink") and recently as an
ally during the events at [Petersburg
Wilhelmplatz](Petersburg_Wilhelmplatz "wikilink"), then using them in
[reality theatre](reality_theatre "wikilink").

The pack has learned that the Jaggling members of this court tend to
build domains for themselves in retreats in the Shadow, places that have
no direct physical reflection, and rarely leave them. Interestingly, the
broods of those Jagglings often contain members of other courts.
Politics seem to be on an individual basis with the Jaggling members.

It is assumed that all Jaggling members of this court are also members
of [the High Court of
Petersburg](the_High_Court_of_Petersburg "wikilink"). The court has an
old alliance to the [Urban Ronins](Urban_Ronins "wikilink"), but is in
conflict with the new stronger courts, [Fleshmade](Fleshmade "wikilink")
and [Blood of the City](Blood_of_the_City "wikilink").

The [Steel Predators](Steel_Predators "wikilink") have an old feud with
this court, something about a broken deal a century ago.

[Category:Werewolf](Category:Werewolf "wikilink") [Category:Angus'
Spirit Almanac](Category:Angus'_Spirit_Almanac "wikilink")