'Die Amazone' was a female (surprise\!)
[Cahalith](wod:Cahalith "wikilink"), alpha of the [Crimson
Tears](Crimson_Tears "wikilink") and former member of [Rote
Wut](Rote_Wut "wikilink"), both packs to the south of the
[Shadowclaws](Shadowclaws "wikilink")' territory. She used to wear
practical clothing. In wolf form, her grey fur sported a number of
ritual tatoos and drawings.

She was involved in the [fighting](Battle_against_Rote_Wut "wikilink")
between Rote Wut and the players, where she succesfully stirred unrest
in the south of the player's territory, and tried to kill [Edouard
Lambert](Edouard_Lambert "wikilink"). She almost managed to achieve the
latter goal before she realised her dreams had been poisoned by Rabid
Wolf, totem of the [Fire-Touched](wod:Fire-Touched "wikilink"). One of
these pure had infiltrated their pack, trying to create unrest so the
Forsaken would weaken themselves enough for the pure to retake the city.

After she realised her mistake, she helped the pack kill the pure
werewolf and fight the consequences of her actions. She vanished after
the victory, but returned a few month later at the head of a new pack.
She also joined the [Iminir](wod:Storm_Lords "wikilink") tribe.

She was a capable warrior and had a lot of experience in prophetic
visions, though her failure to see through the deceptions of Rabid Wolf
made her hesitant to share it. She owed the players an unspecified
favour for allowing her pack to use a safe locus in the reconquest of
her territory.

She was [slain](Breeding_Grounds "wikilink") by
[Whitefang](Whitefang "wikilink"), an Ivory Claw, reportedly while
saving the life of [Boneblade](Sergei_Grigorovich "wikilink"). In a
[memorial](In_memory_of_Amazone "wikilink"), she was praised by several
werewolves for her accomplishments and devotion to her pack.

[Category:Characters](Category:Characters "wikilink")
[Category:Werewolf](Category:Werewolf "wikilink")