*"You ever wondered how humans managed to conquer the earth, despite all
their physical shortcomings? They work together. No matter if they see a
common purpose or follow someone out of fear or love, that is their
strength. And it's about damn time we learn that, too."*

The Enlightened are a [lodge](lodge "wikilink") of Storm Lords in St.
Petersburg. Most see them as relatively new -- a product of the
[alliance](alliance "wikilink") forged by [Victor
Flammendes-Schwert](Victor_Flammendes-Schwert "wikilink") -- but there
are rumours that it is based on a much older organisation. The lodge is
mostly noted for keeping the alliance intact, and most packs of the
alliance have an Enlightened member, who more often than not is the
alpha.

The members of the lodge see themselves as diplomats, collectors of
knowledge and political leaders. Initiates have to prove themselves in
these field to gain full access to the inner secrets of the lodge. What
exactly these are is unknown, but it seems that a powerful spirit has
allied itself with the lodge and grants several benefits.

The Lodge will never ask anyone to join, as this would be considered a
sign of weakness. Instead, interested Storm Lords can announce their
intention to join the Lodge, upon which they will be subjected to a
[trial](Lodge_Initiations#Angus'_Lodge_Initiation "wikilink").

Upon being accepted into the lodge, [Angus](Angus "wikilink") is now an
Initiate of the Enlightened, which provides him with the free Merit
Allies(Enlightened) 1.

As laid out by [Victor
Flammendes-Schwert](Victor_Flammendes-Schwert "wikilink"), to advance in
the lodge the young Storm Lord has to carry out the duties the Lodge
imposes upon their members:

  - *Librarian's Duty*: contribute an important piece of knowledge or
    wisdom to the lodge's ken.
      - The pack's totem attests that by relating the story about the
        struggle for the
        [fate](The_fate_of_The_Bleeding_Stone "wikilink") of the spirit
        [Bleeding Stone](The_Bleeding_Stone "wikilink"), Angus has
        fulfilled this duty.
  - *Leader's Duty*: show your willingness to lead by successfully
    leading others through a dangerous situation.
      - By leading his pack through the troubles while [hunted by
        mortals](The_fate_of_The_Bleeding_Stone "wikilink"), Angus has
        fulfilled this duty in the pack totem's eyes. While he had the
        perfect place to hide and direct their efforts, he instead chose
        to come out and lead directly, thereby exposing him to great
        danger.
  - *Diplomat's Duty*: show your prowess in dealing with mortals,
    spirits or other supernaturals.
      - The pack's totem attests that Angus has fulfilled this duty
        during his [creation of a Dog's
        Collar](Angus_crafting_a_Dog's_Collar "wikilink").

Once a member has completed those duties -- witnessed and attested by
his pack totem -- he will gain access to the
[secrets](The_Legend_of_the_Lodge_of_Enlightened "wikilink") of the
lodge.

Membership in the lodge has the following mechanical benefits:

  - Due to their totem and the dedication of the lodge to their task,
    members pay only two instead of three XP per dot for the Occult,
    Politics and Persuasion skills.
  - The extensive collection of local tales and legends grants a +2
    bonus on extended research rolls. The lodge's totem is free to
    charge a favour for access, though.

Known members of the lodge include:

  - [Victor Flammendes-Schwert](Victor_Flammendes-Schwert "wikilink"),
    High Judge of the lodge and the [alliance](alliance "wikilink") it
    seeks to keep together, alpha of [Schatten der
    Zaren](Schatten_der_Zaren "wikilink")
  - [Yossif Kradow](Yossif_Kradow "wikilink"), an Irraka who prefers to
    stay in the background, also a member of Schatten der Zaren
  - [Vanya Sokolow](Vanya_Sokolow "wikilink"), the stern alpha of
    [Litanei der Straßen](Litanei_der_Straßen "wikilink")
  - [Dima Kochegarov](Dima_Kochegarov "wikilink"), a Cahalith who seems
    to be the living record of the lodge and its lore; also a member of
    Litanei der Straßen
  - [Angus](Angus "wikilink"), alpha of the
    [Shadowclaws](Shadowclaws "wikilink")

There are likely a few more members from packs a bit further from the
city center, who have not yet made an appearance in the story.

[Category:Werewolf](Category:Werewolf "wikilink")
[Category:Setting](Category:Setting "wikilink")