Close to the [Drnaya Steel Works](Drnaya_Steel_Works "wikilink"), but
not on the grounds of the factory itself, is a relatively modern
garbage-burning facility, providing some of the necessary energy for the
factory in one of St. Petersburg's 'greener future' projects designed to
increase the flow of foreign aid into the city. This facility is very
controversial, as the fumes make living nearby quite unpleasant, and its
location was formerly occupied by an old theatre held in high value by
the local population. It was torn down without consulting the local
populace, and its most famous actor reportedly killed himself over this
- though urban legends report he was sighted since then, promoting
acting and theatre plays in general.

On the Hisil, the scars of the transformation are even more visible.
Since most of the humans in the area still think of the theatre rather
than the annoying facility now occupying its place, the reflection is a
weird mixture of both: The old theatre building, with smoke extruding
from the broken windows, and numerous heaps of burning trash lying
around. With some patience, it is possible to find older spirits
stemming from the days of the theatre here. Even the newer spirits
residing here seem to assume some aspect of theatre plays, which can
make them quite annoying to deal with. Most spirits in this place claim
allegiance to the [Court of Eternal
Grace](Court_of_Eternal_Grace "wikilink"), though the court does not
claim the area as its own. The place appears to have two spirits:
[Prince Yaromir](Prince_Yaromir "wikilink"), representing the old
theatre, and the spirit of the new garbage-burning facility, which seems
to feed on culture and creativity.

[Category:Werewolf](Category:Werewolf "wikilink")
[Category:Territory](Category:Territory "wikilink")