#### Botches

Rolling at least 50% 1s on a roll *without a single success* is a
critical failure.

#### Renown XP

Renown XP is doled out by the storyteller for specific actions and
cannot be bought using regular XP.

#### Languages

A score of \* in a language allows everyday conversation, and sufficient
reading/writing to get along. A score of \*\* allows full fluency, at a
level of a native speaker, yet with a (possibly slight) accent that
tells listeners you're a non-native speaker. A score of \*\*\* allows
for the active use of different dialects, full command of the language
and an extensive vocabulary. With this level it is possible to fool
almost all people into believing you are a native speaker. Most native
speakers do not have this level of proficiency.

#### Damage and Wound Penalties

The first health box is always without penalty. The last *two* health
boxes are at -3, the two before that at -2 penalty. All remaining health
boxes are at -1 penalty. The number of these boxes depends on the total
number of health boxes available.

#### Claws and Teeth Damage

Werewolves in Gauru form get +2(L) claws damage and +3(L) bite damage.
Urshul claws do +0(L) damage, Urhan +0(B). Both Urshul's and Urhan's
bite attacks are at +1(L).

#### Rite of Contrition

This Rite is a level 1 rite, but may only be used personally. It can not
be performed on someone else's behalf. (The Book was unclear on the
second part)

#### Rite of the Chosen Ground

This rite no longer requires a locus, it can also be performed with
other objects as focal point. If the focal point is not a locus, the
following restrictions apply:

  - The object must have a spirit of at least Greater Gaffling rank,
    which has to cooperate throughout the rite
  - The spirit (and object) must be aligned with the kind of resonance
    sought (e.g., a white flag for "peacefulness" or "french")
  - The area affected spreads out from the object with the same radius
    that a locus of equal rank to the spirit would have (i.e., two yards
    for a lesser gaffling, 15 for a greater gaffling, up to a city block
    for a minor god). There is no factor of 3, as the "boost" from the
    locus is lacking

#### Loci

A locus can not be 'sucked dry' - that is just too simple a way of
destroying it. As soon as the stored essence runs out, no more can be
extracted.

#### Helping Another

Instead of rolling when aiding another, the recipient gains a flat
number of bonus dice equal to 1/3 the dice of his aide (rounded real).
You can not help another if you do not possess the fitting skill (even
if you have Int 6, without Crafts you're not going to be any help
repairing a motorcycle).

#### Wolf Fighting Styles, Pack Tactics

See the [Pack Tactics, Tactical Combats and
Complexity](Pack_Tactics,_Tactical_Combats_and_Complexity "wikilink")
page.

[Category:Werewolf](Category:Werewolf "wikilink")
[Category:Setting](Category:Setting "wikilink")