The gathering of the [alliance](alliance "wikilink") had gone on for a
while. They had discussed the reasons behind the
[attack](Breeding_Grounds "wikilink") by the Ivory Claws, and what they
could do against such incursions. When all was said and done, [Victor
Flammendes-Schwert](Victor_Flammendes-Schwert "wikilink") took a step
forward and a deep breath.

*It is with a sad heart that I have to announce the loss of a Forsaken
in the attack by the Pure. Her funeral rite has already been held, but I
think she deserves respect also from outside her pack. Anyone who knew
her may now speak freely, reminding us of what we lost.*

He paused only briefly, then went on.

*Die Amazone was a good example to all of us. She went through a
corruption by Rabid Wolf, but in the decisive moment she noticed it,
[turning](Battle_against_Rote_Wut "wikilink") the tide. She went on to
build a new pack, and no doubt did more than her due in reconquering her
former territory for the [Crimson Tears](Crimson_Tears "wikilink"). I
will always remember her as an example of how much can be achieved by
strength of will alone. She will be missed.*

Others, mostly Storm Lords, stepped forwards, offering similar words.
When the turn came to her packmates, [Arja
Haajanen](Arja_Haajanen "wikilink") was the first to step forward. It
was the first words she had ever spoken outside her pack.

*Most of you don't know me, but one thing you know should suffice: Die
Amazone was my alpha. It was her who gave my life a new meaning when I
thought I had lost everything. It was her strength that fused us
together. She always led from the front, never requiring a sacrifice
from one of us without giving an equal one herself. It was there that
she found her death, saving the life of a packmate. It was the way she
would have wanted to die. Still, I feel that one thing is still left in
this life, a debt she would have wanted settled.*

She turned towards [Angus](Angus "wikilink").

*She owed your pack a favour, and she was never one to renege from a
promise. Know that this favour now rests on my shoulders. You can call
it in anytime you like.*

There was mumbling among the audience - such a thing was very rare among
werewolves. Then the crowd quickly fell silent as
[Boneblade](Sergei_Grigorovich "wikilink") stepped forward, his dagger
in the right hand, his left clenched to a fist.

*I am not known for my words. I am also not known for my wisdom.
Probably I deserve either reputation. Die Amazone certainly doesn't. She
saved my life when I lay there bleeding on the concrete, waiting for my
certain death at the hands of the Pure. She paid a high price for it. I
will never forget her, nor what she taught us as an alpha.*

He raised the left fist into the air as he spoke, illuminating his arm.
It was scarred with symbols from First Tongue.

*I have carved the name of her killer into my flesh. Know that I will
not rest before her death is avenged\!*

The fresh scar shone clear and bright in the dimly lit room. It spelled
a name, [Whitefang](Whitefang "wikilink").

The last werewolf to speak was Angus. As he took a step forward, he
could see the barely restrained rage in the eyes of Boneblade. He knew
it too well from his own packmate, [Grigor](Grigor "wikilink"). Well,
you can't please everyone, Angus thought. We'll have to watch our backs
again, with that Rahu on the loose south of our territory...

*I -- we -- have known Die Amazone for a long time. At first, we were
neighbours, peace held only with an uneasy truce. Tensions mounted, and
imprudent actions were taken.* Angus gave Grigor a stern look. *Then,
war broke out. Without Die Amazone, I think I can confidently say that
we would not be standing here today. We managed to find a way to bury
our differences, and we gained a new packmember whilst doing so. Uneasy
truce, war, peace, and even if not friendship, then deep understanding
and support. Without Die Amazone, that chain of events would have
stopped at "war". We owe her more than we ever cared to admit. With her
dead, we lose more than we can currently imagine.*

After the meeting, Angus caught up with Speaks-to-the-dead.

*As you now carry the burden of die Amazone, you should also carry her
benefits. I have experience with hotheaded Rahu; if you need advice, you
can come to me.*

Arja turned around only briefly, but the glare in her eyes clearly
showed what she thought about the offer.

*I will not take your words as an offence - not this time. You should
know, though, that I would rather be ripped apart by the Pure then ever
carry a matter of my pack to strangers.*

Then she turned around and left, heading back to her territory.

[Category:Werewolf](Category:Werewolf "wikilink")
[Category:Tales](Category:Tales "wikilink")