After a [recent discussion](Repercussions "wikilink") with [Vladimir
Wecek](Vladimir_Wecek "wikilink"), Grigor found that he had another job
for his new Mafia recruits. This time, they would have to show more
initiative and be able to work independently of him...

In the meantime, the Finnish contingent had grown to three lads. Grigor
had just had a discussion with them in the basement of the new youth
centre. He had judged Marko and the Ukrainians to be less suited to this
particular job, and so had sent them off earlier on a simple errand to
give a "friendly reminder" to a late payer. The new Finnish boy, Hirvo,
seemed somewhat disturbed by the Rahu taking a sample of his blood and
conducting some kind of occult rite, but Juha nudged him in warning that
he should not say anything. Juha definitely seemed to be the smartest of
the group, Grigor judged. If his family circumstances had been
different, he thought to himself, Juha would probably have had a bright
future ahead of him. Perhaps he could have studied some fancy shit like
Grigori and gotten himself a cushy job. Instead... well, he still might
have a bright future ahead of him, but then again there was a high
"attrition rate" amongst Mafia greenhorns, especially these days.

It was about 11pm on one the bigger streets in the south of
Admiraliteysky. The four of them -- the sinister-looking Rahu and the
three young Finns -- were lurking on a corner, waiting to put the plan
into action. Grigor shuffled impatiently. *"Are you sure this is on
their route?"* he asked Juha, for the second time. *"Yes, boss. Should
be, like last night."* The Mafia man only harumphed in response, not
completely conviced... Still, his doubts were misplaced, since the other
Finnish boy, Niko, staring through binoculars, then announced *"It's
them\! They're coming this way..."* *"OK,"* barked Grigor, *"you two get
into the bar, now\!"* Juha and Niko sprinted a few steps and darted
through the nearby door.

Grigor and Mirvo were alone on the corner. The boy was almost shivering
with fright, staring into the Rahu's fierce eyes... *"Don't worry son,
I'm not going to hurt you,* Grigor said softly. *"You just need to fall
over, like we talked about."* They waited a few moments... *"OK, they
should be able to see us about... now."* He promptly grabbed Mirvo by
his jacket and shunted him up against the wall. He held him there for a
few seconds, before beginning with a few pulled punches and kicks. Mirvo
recoiled and called out in mock pain. After the next fake punch, he fell
to the ground. Grigor pretended to lay into him with kicks, as the lad
called out for help. On cue, Juha and Niko re-emerged from the bar and
glanced around in pretend confusion, while Grigor reached down and
grabbed Mirvo's wallet.

The two guys approaching had distantly observed the altercation, as
planned, and began to jog briskly in its direction. However, they were a
hundred yards behind Juha and Niko. The two Finnish lads caught Grigor
by "surprise" as he was fetching the wallet... Niko elbowed him in the
head and Juha kneed him in the gut. *"C'mon, hit me harder\!"* Grigor
whispered, whilst feigning mock confusion. He had definitely told the
two of them earlier that they shouldn't hold back\! *"Seriously, don't
worry about hurting me,"* Grigor had said then, *"hit me as absolutely
motherfucking hard as you can. I mean it."*

The two boys began laying into Grigor with gusto, punching and kicking,
and the Rahu made a show of defending himself weakly. Between hits, Juha
was shouting out, loud enough so that the fast-approaching guys would be
able to hear. *"You fuckin' thief\! Leave our friend alone\! Give him
his fucking wallet back\! You think you can just come down here and rob
us?\! Fuck you, you fuckin' thief\!"*

The two newcomers, fit-looking guys in their twenties, were now
sprinting over, only a few dozen yards away. After a fairly robust hit
from Niko, Grigor -- by now slightly battered and bruised -- allowed
himself to fall to the ground. Just as the two guys arrived, Juha picked
up the wallet and turned to greet them. *"Look, this bastard beat up
Mirvo to take his wallet\!"* Mirvo promptly got up and hugged him in
gratitude, to illustrate the point.

The clean-shaven of the two guys, slightly out of breath, looked a
little unsure. *"Who is he,"* he said, gesturing at Grigor, on the
ground. *"Like I said, some fucking thief\!"* Juha responded quickly,
*"Look at that filthy thieving bastard\!"* The unshaven guy grinned.
*"Nice one,"* he said, *"looks like you beat us to it\! Still,"* he
added, slowly withdrawing a small club from the back of his jeans, *"you
wouldn't want us to miss out on the fun as well, would you?"* His grin
widened and he stepped over to Grigor. He dragged the unresisting Blood
Talon to his feet. *"You thieving fuck\!"* he spat in Grigor's face.
*"We're watching these streets\! You think you can just come along and
rob some innocent kids on our patch?\! Fuck you, pal. It's payback
time\!"* He smashed the club into the side of Grigor's head. The Rahu
recoiled in pain, letting out a groan -- only half-acting this time --
and made a flimsy show of resisting...

The unshaven guy began to rain blows and kicks down on him, and Grigor
allowed himself to slip to the floor again, as the clean-shaven man
looked on with an indecipherable expression. Grigor felt Kuruth rising
within him... This arrogant bullying bastard\! Thinking he could really
beat beat him with these weak-assed blows... He knew with certainty that
he could turn the tide of this fight in an instant, and it would be that
fucker who would be bleeding and begging for mercy, not him\! Grigor
growled in pain and frustration, and gave his all to restrain himself...

The rain of blows ended. Grigor, bloodied and battered, glared up at the
leering guy with the club, memorising his face. Once his bosses had
dealt with their bosses, he'd be back to clean up the rest of the
garbage. And this particular ugly fucker would be first in line.

The more cultivated of the two guys turned to Juha and Niko. *"Looks
like you two boys know how to look after yourselves. Impressive -- this
sad fuck looks like he could have been dangerous,"* he said, nodding to
Grigor. The club-wielding guy then dragged him a few steps away from the
corner, into an alley, and left him lying there, seemingly half-dead.

Through one half-open blackened eye, the Rahu surreptitiously monitored
the following conversation at the corner. Juha shook the man's hand.
*"So, I guess you're with the [Neighbours for
Neighbours](Neighbours_for_Neighbours "wikilink") thing, yeah?"* The
clean-shaven guy nodded. *"Yeah,"* Juha added, *"I heard about that.
Nice. I'm pretty tired of these Mafia goons throwing their weight
around."* The man didn't seem to respond, so Juha added, *"Glad that
people like you are starting to get organised and fight back."* The two
men glanced at each other and spent a brief moment in consideration.
*"So,"* the clean-shaven one finally replied, *"you ever thought about
joining us?"*

Bingo. Juha and the other Finns were in. With his smarts, Juha ought to
be able to turn up a few names before too long. Enough names to keep
Vladimir happy, anyway.

[Category:Werewolf](Category:Werewolf "wikilink")
[Category:Tales](Category:Tales "wikilink")