"Hey, do you want to do me a favour?" [Angus](Angus "wikilink") asked
[Nadja](Nadja "wikilink"). They had just returned from a night out at
the [Spartak cinema](Spartak_cinema "wikilink") and were sitting in her
living room. "And what, specifically, did you have in mind?" Nadja
replied with an alluring glint in her eyes while moving over to the
Scot. "You don't have a regular job, do you?" Nadja instantly lost her
glint was sobered up, looking somewhat disappointed. "There is this new
café on the Wilhelmsplatz we're building up. I'm sure they'll be looking
for some waitresses or something. It's hard to explain... we want to
attract more spirits to that café and you could keep an eye out for
anything strange that happens. Contact me, if things get out of hand.
Plus, the girl that owns the café I think has an unhealthy crush on
[Grigor](Grigor "wikilink")." Nadja still went tense when this name
fell, Angus noticed. "Perhaps that girl will need a BFF to talk to, or
something."

Nadja didn't seem too convinced, but having something to do would be
nice, she thought. Still, it would get dangerous possibly, and she
didn't want to have any more dealings with spirits than she could avoid.
Not much point, though. Angus had explained to her that her being a
wolfblooded, spirits were attracted to her. *Things* would just happen
around her, and there was nothing she could do against it. She could
only be prepared and hope for the best. "I'll do it. I mean -- I'll try
it out. Give it a chance. If I don't like it, I'll quit."

"Fair enough", Angus answered. "I can't ask for anything more. I don't
think there'll be a lot of problems, I'd just like to keep an eye on
that café. Oh, one more thing: that girl, the doesn't know we're
werewolves. *Don't* tell her. She doesn't even know that I exist. We
just want to build up the café and that's it. Once that's done we can
safely leave the area. Just keep your eyes open, and stay safe, will
you?"

Nadja nodded and sat on Angus' lap. "Now, is there an additional payment
in it for me if I do you this favour... ?"

\---

[Aleksandr](Aleksandr "wikilink") had told Angus where the computer
nerds usually meet up. After taking a look at the venue with his
Two-World-Eyes, Angus had indeed spotted a few Coffee spirits loitering
around in the spirit world. What better place to find coffee spirits
than a basement full of computer nerds? Angus thought. They probably
have two coffee machines for every hacker in here... Binding a coffee
spirit didn't prove difficult, but the unique brand of spirits here
meant that is was somewhat infused with a spirit of addiction. That's
probably a fairly common thing, Angus thought. He'll need to separate
the two aspects to get the pure coffee spirit he could offer to the
[Kaffeehaus](Kaffeehaus "wikilink") spirit for consumption.

A few roubles and a couple of bottles vodka later, Angus had talked a
few of the homeless around his home. One of the city's drug care
prevention centres was just what he needed. Plenty of addiction spirits
following the homeless, and even a larger one in the centre.

Angus quickly bound one of the lone addiction spirits he found with the
hobos in the basement of his house. He then entered the Shadow World
with both spirits -- the addiction and the coffee spirit -- and went to
the reflection of the drug centre. Getting the attention of the larger
spirit of the drug centre wasn't difficult. "What do you need... what do
you want... what do you... *crave*... ?" the spirit asked. "I need for
you to purify this coffee spirit. Take out the addiction, and leave me
the pure coffee part." -- "Awww, why you anyone want to do that? Where's
the *fun* in drinking coffee if you can't develop a healthy habit of
drinking it? How can you impress your friends without the addiction,
without the hunger, without the lust, or the want for more? Meeting your
friends in the morning and saying \`oooh, I really need this coffee now,
or else I won't be awake´? How will they respect you without it?" Angus
sighed. He'd better be careful not to get lost in the addiction spirit's
words. "Because, I give you what you crave, lust after, or hunger for.
You can keep the addiction part of the spirit, and I'll even throw in
this one lone addiction spirit as well. What do you say -- the first
one's always free?"

\---

Angus entered the Barren in the Spirit World. Grey, bleak and
uninviting, though little patches of essence were sometimes visible --
and Handmaidens patrolling the area. The café had a tiny, tiny glimmer
of essence. Kaffeehaus spirit was there, watching over his café.
Checking the physical world with his Two World Eyes, Angus saw Nadja in
the café, waiting for customers to arrive. "I have brought a coffee
spirit to add to your court, Kaffeehaus" Angus started. "And
[Grigori](Grigori "wikilink") will start monthly philosophical
discussion rounds to lure in the bourgeoisie. I see that the essence
here is well-guarded?" Angus was fully braced for a long-winded
discussion. Somehow, the Kaffeehaus spirit delighted in talking in long,
convulsed sentences. No matter, he had enough time, this time.

[Category:Werewolf](Category:Werewolf "wikilink")
[Category:Tales](Category:Tales "wikilink")