Almost all werewolves in [Petersburg](Petersburg "wikilink") are part of
some [lodge](lodge "wikilink"). Usually, they chose their lodge and pass
their initiation within the first year after their respective [Tribe
Initiations](Tribe_Initiations "wikilink"). The members of the
Shadowclaws are no exception from that, and most of them have already
chosen which lodge they will try to enter.

## Angus' Lodge Initiation

[Angus](Angus "wikilink") is an Initiate of the
[Enlightened](Enlightened "wikilink"). He passed his trial during the
[Battle against Rote Wut](Battle_against_Rote_Wut "wikilink"):

''The warehouse did not look different from all the others at the pier,
except for the brutish guy standing next to the entry. He passed Angus a
fierce glance, then nodded and opened the door.

''Stepping inside, the young Storm Lord noticed that the warehouse was
almost completely empty, except for a group of werewolves forming a
circle around some small bowls on the ground.

'' 'Step closer, Angus Swims-under-Ice. We have been expecting you.'

''The werewolf at the far end of the circle had talked. He was an
impressive figure, measuring about two feet in his Dalu form and
wielding a huge two-handed sword, adorned with countless chains and
animal tokens. His bare body was covered in tattoos and markings,
showing the [Renown](Renown "wikilink") he had earned over the years. It
was none less then [Victor
Flammendes-Schwert](Victor_Flammendes-Schwert "wikilink"), eldest of the
Enlightened and High Jugde of St. Petersburg.

''There were about half a dozen werewolves present, all wearing nothing
but their tattoos, a few ornamental chains made mostly of animal parts,
and a weapon - some ritual, some looking quite deadly. Angus only
recognized two of them: [Vanya Sokolow](Vanya_Sokolow "wikilink") and
[Dima Kochegarov](Dima_Kochegarov "wikilink") of the pack [Litanei der
Straßen](Litanei_der_Straßen "wikilink").

''Not hesitating for even a moment, Angus stepped into their midst. He
knew that showing any form of weakness would be the quickest route to
failing any trial set by Storm Lords.

'' 'What brings you here?', the High Jugde asked.

'' 'I wish to be accepted into the Lodge of Enlightened.', Angus
answered, in a determined voice.

'' 'Very well. Then you will answer our questions.'

''In a flash of light, the five bowls around Angus caught fire.
Immediately, the thick smell of heavy incense filled the air and clouded
the vision of the young Iminir. The smoke seemed to drift towards him,
wrapping him in a poisonous embrace and robbing him of his sense of
direction. Then the questions started.

'' 'Define Discipline.' - 'What does your totem mean to you?' - 'What
would you die for?' - 'What does 'pack' mean to you?' - 'What is the
proper punishment for a pack member who violates the oath?'

''Angus fought against unconsciousness as the smoke filled his loungs
and poisoned his blood, yet he stood tall and proud and answered every
question without hesitating. There was no feedback to his answer except
for a new question, coming out of the smoke, untraceable, emotionless.
Reddish-black dots and lines started filling his sight, and he suspected
that the incense used here was on the list of illegal substances.

''He couldn't tell how long the questions continued or if there was any
feedback to his answers at a later date. At some point, he lost
consciousness and collapsed to the floor.

''When he came to, he was still in the warehouse - lying naked on the
floor of the empty building. The only remains of the trial were the
smell of incense in his hair and a headache of monumental proportions.
There was no sign as to if he had passed or failed. He climbed to his
feet and staggered to the door - it was locked. Hesitating only breifly,
he broke down the door and somehow made his way home.

''For two days, he heard nothing from the Enlightened. Then he decided
that merely waiting for jugdement was not the way of the Storm Lords and
went to seek it himself. He travelled to the territory of the High
Judges pack and howled for a meeting.

''Victor smiled as he greeted the young Iminir at the [Schatten der
Zarens](Schatten_der_Zaren "wikilink") border.

'' 'Congratulations, young Storm Lord. You have passed the trial. You
see, nothing we could set for your trial would ever match what Winter
Wolf subjected you to during your Initiation into our tribe. Yet the
fact that you return and ask for more shows us that you are willing to
dedicate yourself to the additional burden that lodge membership is. You
are now an Initiate of the Enlightened. Call upon us if your need is
dire.'

'' 'You know what our lodge stands for. We are scholars collecting the
knowledge needed to guard the Gauntlet. We are leaders needed to face
the dangers of two worlds. We are diplomats, for only a fool goes
without allies, and only a broken soul simply kills every problem he
encounters. Prove you can carry out our duties, and you will be
considered a true member.'

''As the old werewolf turned and left the scene, Angus allowed himself a
smile. Another trial mastered.

Angus was accepted into the lodge after proving himself, learning about
its [origins](The_Legend_of_the_Lodge_of_Enlightened "wikilink").

## Grigor's Lodge Initiation

[Grigor](Grigor "wikilink") aspires to join the [Bear
Hunters](Bear_Hunters "wikilink"). He already enquired about
requirements with [Yelena Dimitrovna](Yelena_Dimitrovna "wikilink"), but
received only the short (and blunt) answer that a werewolf with his
state of the soul would never be a member of the lodge. A werewolf below
Harmony 5 will simply not be able to truly understand the concept of
'teamwork' shared among the lodge.

Some weeks later, after [recent events](Grigor's_contrition "wikilink"),
Grigor returns to speak with Yelena. He will tell her something of his
recent struggles to control his rage and his efforts to maintain his
humanity. (Harmony is now 5.) Since he is soon to be responsible for
leading a group of inexperienced fighters in battle (a Mafia "unit" of
youths in the south of the territory), Grigor desires to teach them to
fight effectively as a group. Also, he wants to learn how to prepare his
pack better for battle. As a gesture of his commitment, he swears never
to make any deals or alliances with the [Red
Court](Roter_Hof "wikilink") in his territory, since they represent
uncontrolled violence and rage. (He will only hint at his experiences
there.)

Yelena is shortspoken as ever, cutting in when Grigor starts speaking
about what he wants to learn. She tells Grigor that she will keep her
ears open about what the spirits will have to tell of his deeds. Since
the Red Court seems to be a problem in his area, once he has helped his
pack to a victory against them, she will hear him out. A victory without
innocent deaths and aside the whole pack, that is - not a solitary rage
where some spirits of the court happen to be among the victims. Until
then, she will not waste her time on him. If he cannot follow others
into battle and stick by their orders, there is no way he will ever
learn to lead.

After the [fierce struggle](The_fate_of_The_Bleeding_Stone "wikilink")
against the [red court](Roter_Hof "wikilink"), Grigor was approached by
Yelena. With considerable disdain, she told him that while she still
thought it a bit early, he was invited to a [collective
hunt](The_hunt_at_Autumn_Equinox "wikilink") of the Bear Hunters. There
he should be able to demonstrate his abilities and his willingness to
join.

It was only after the events sorrounding the
[Eristoffs](Eristoffs "wikilink") that Yelena approached Grigor once
again. It was obvious that she knew about his recent rage, and what the
spirits where wispering. In few and strong words, she reminded him of
his duty to uphold his harmony. Then she reached into her pocket and
drew out a leather wristband. A piece of bone was worked into the
leather.

"Extend your arm."

Grigor did as told. Yelena grabbed it and drew a knife, making a clean
cut across his underarm. Dipping her finger into the blood, she drew
some symbols onto the piece of bone.

Then she let go of his arm and repeated the procedure on herself.
Afterwards, she gave the band to Grigor.

"This is a talen of our lodge. It is a symbol that we will bleed for
each other, and a reminder that we stand and fall together. Next time
you feel Kuruth grasping you, remember that. It will help you fight it."

"As for your full initiation, I will watch you closely. Your pack has
tasks ahead of it that will require a concerted effort. Remember your
lessons."

Then, she left without saying another word.

After hunting the Rahglu Queen with Boneblade, Yelena tells Grigor that
while he still has a long way to go, at least he has shown that he is
willing to step down from Glory for the sake of the team, thereby
proving himself worthy of being a Bear Hunter. He is now a full member
of the lodge (but still fresh, so his Mentor merit stays for a while).

## Aleksandr's Lodge Initiation

[Aleksandr](Aleksandr "wikilink") has [applied](Disco_Fever "wikilink")
for the lodge of Lightning. Now he will have to show he fits in ...

## Grigori's Lodge Initiation

Yeah, um, Ghost Wolf? ...

## Edouard's Lodge Initiation

As the mayor finished his speech and walked to his car,
[Edouard](Edouard "wikilink") couldn't help but smile. That man hat not
moved a finger to have the new [youth club](youth_club "wikilink")
build, but naturally claimed all the credit. Not that he'd mind - it was
better if no one knew of his involvement, although it had cost him quite
some money. As far as the City administration was concerned, the money
had come from some private investors who would like to remain unnamed,
fearing they might be bothered by requests for aid from a multitude of
charity organisations if their involvement came to light.
[Angus](Angus "wikilink") had handled that - the alpha knew where he had
to go in the administration to get things done, and whom to avoid to
keep things secret.

A bit to his right, [Grigor](Grigor "wikilink") gave Edouard an
approving nod as he stepped into the shining new building. A youth
center for the children of the impoverished immigrants in the south of
Admiralteyski - the idea had come from the Rahu, but the pack as a whole
approved of it. Edouard turned and left. The celebration here was not
for him. No doubt there would be a 'charity dinner' or something in the
better part of the city, where the rich would pad themselves on the
shoulder, applauding their charity while sipping incredibly expensive
wine out of crystal glasses. That was where he belonged, listening to
their gossip, trying to spot what motivated the 'makers' in the city. At
least, that's what he made of the credo of the
[Shepherds](Shepherds "wikilink"), whom he had recently requested to
join.

He remembered [Andrej's](Andrei_Wind-in-den-Straßen "wikilink") words.
'Alright, so you wanna join? And now you're wondering, what trial will
we set? Well, you're already an Iron Master. You know we are not one of
those crazy 'rip-your-guts-out-to-prove-your-dedication' organisations
as the Blood Talons or Storm Lords tend to go. If you really wanna join,
well, you're in. Turn to me if you ever have questions. If you can't
answer them by yourself, that is.'

'You know what the Shepherds are about. We tend to the herd like noone
else. Only by truly understanding them will you be able to understand
the huge impact they have on your territory, on both sides of the
Gauntlet. So, what we'd like to see from you is that you can do just
that. Understand humanity. Sounds simple, da? Well, as I said, don't rip
your guts out. We know when you are ready. See ya\!'

Then he had left Edouard standing alone, somewhat confused. The young
Cahalith thought for a moment and then decided that, typically for the
Iron Masters, he'd have to figure out himself exactly what they wanted
him to do. So he had set about making his way into the social elite.
After all, he knew from his life as a human that money was the name of
the game - and he intended to play.

Edouard was [accepted](Charity_Dinner "wikilink") into the lodge after
[strategic investments](Strategic_Investment "wikilink")
[into](Investors_for_Neighbours "wikilink") [Neighbours for
Neighbours](Neighbours_for_Neighbours "wikilink").

[Category:Werewolf](Category:Werewolf "wikilink")
[Category:Tales](Category:Tales "wikilink")