"An honest, bullish and sensible man. A rare thing in these times,and
even rarer in the police." Oscar Wilde ... er, no Angus on Nievo Ashkov

Nievo Ashkov is and was - except for a short period during the turmoil
of the [fight against Rote Wut](Battle_against_Rote_Wut "wikilink") -
the chief of police for the district containing the pack's territory,
leading one of the [Admiralteyski
Departments](Admiralteyski_Police_Department "wikilink"). He and Angus
crossed path during the investigation of the [waste disposal
scandal](Fight_in_the_sewers "wikilink"). He is somewhat reluctant to
trust the scottish man with the mysterious sources of knowledge, but
other than that they come along just fine. Nievo seems to be quite
pleased to see another civil servant actually caring about his job.

The two befriended even more during the events around [the fate of The
Bleeding Stone](the_fate_of_The_Bleeding_Stone "wikilink"), when they
were attacked enroute to the police station in Nievo's private car.
Nievo now seems to count Angus among his personal friends, although he
is still somewhat hesitant to talk about business, sense there is
something strange with the 'simple man' who gets involved in almost
anything.

### Description

Nievo Ashkov is in his late thirties. His whole demeanour conveys
authority: brawny, with just the right amount of fat, short blond hair,
a stern face and blueish grey eyes with that look one only attains after
years of practice as a law enforcement officer. A scar runs from his
right eye to the right ear, turning red when he gets angry - a good sign
that one should leave. The pistol and flashlight on his belt are
accompanied by a multifunctional tool, a knife and his cell phone. His
voice is deep and firm - and usually a bit louder than necessary.

[Category:Werewolf](Category:Werewolf "wikilink")
[Category:Characters](Category:Characters "wikilink")