The packs main Locus is situated in an old building in the southeast of
their territory. Both the Locus and the building have seen quite some
action since the pack moved into this area.

The Locus, at the moment manifested in a computer, is aligned with
'information'. It seems that during the Siege of the City, one of the
few working radios was in this room, where family, friends and
neighbours all would gather to catch up on how the war was progressing
(or, at least, how the Soviet press claimed it was progressing). The
essence lingering in the area finally formed a locus, which manifested
in the radio. The building served as a workshop for car repairs on the
lower floor, while the family lived on the upper floor.

In the nineties, there was a downward trend in the area, and the
workshop was closed. The building soon afterwards became home to a local
gang, which occupied it until recently.

When the pack found out about the locus, not only did they face the
problem of somehow removing or convincing the gang. As it turned out, a
not too kind spirit made of shadows and despair, commanding a smaller
spirit court, had claimed the locus its own. The young werewolfs learned
the hard way just how unwelcome they were in the Hisil.

The mundane site of the problem was easily dealt with: The packs
[Irraka](Aleksandr "wikilink") infiltrated the building one night and
silently took out the head of the gang. Next evening, the pack attacked
the now leaderless gang and more or less wiped them out. Only a few
weeks later, the building was claimed for the newly-founded [St
Petersburg Sewage and Waste
Authority](St_Petersburg_Sewage_and_Waste_Authority "wikilink") in the
area, with both [Grigori](Grigori "wikilink") and
[Angus](Angus "wikilink") as employees.

As it turned out, the spirit side was not quite as easily dealt with.
After a crushing defeat at the hands of their enemy that almost cost
[Grigor](Grigor "wikilink") his life, the pack went out to search for a
weak spot of their enemy. They learned the spirits ban and fashioned a
weapon to exploit it. Even then, their Cahalith warned them against a
frontal assault, so they made a deal with a movie theatre and laid a
trap for their enemy.

After honouring their side of the deal - hunting down a rogue spirit
that had escaped into the mundane world - they arranged for a blackout
during the premiere of the newest movie, generating a large amount of
darkness-affiliated essence. As predicted, their enemy could not resist
such a meal and showed up with only a light escort. The trap was sprung,
and the pack charged their enemies as one. The fighting was fierce, but
the weapon fashioned against the spirits ban gave their Rahu the
decisive edge in the struggle, and this time he came out on top.

The locus was now the packs to command, and they quickly entered an
agreement with a few information-spirits called
[EepEeps](EepEep "wikilink") that resided there. This agreement stands
to this day, even though it was almost cancelled during the infiltration
by [Rote Wut](Rote_Wut "wikilink").

[Category:Werewolf](Category:Werewolf "wikilink")
[Category:Locus](Category:Locus "wikilink")
[Category:Territory](Category:Territory "wikilink")