[Angus](Angus "wikilink") was meditating when the door bell rang. He did
not know how long it had been ringing before he noticed, but judging by
the sour look [Nievo](Nievo_Ashkov "wikilink") gave him, it must have
been a while. He had anticipated this meeting, yet he was uncertain
whether he looked forward to it or dreaded it. Judging by the grim look
of Nievo and the number of Vodka glasses he was silently emptying right
now, Angus already knew what this was about. How could it have happened?

"So...", Nievo began finally. Angus looked at him, trying not to betray
any feelings. Again he wished for [Edouards](Edouard "wikilink") talent
in social interactions.

"You like diving, da? You have been out there. Did you ... see the
bodies? The family? Did you know the place?"

Angus just shook his head, slowly, responding "Went by boat all the
time. Never set foot on land."

Nievo nodded, as if he already knew. Perhaps he already knew, though it
hurt Angus a bit that Nievo still not fully trusted him. Then again,
what could he expect? "It's just ... I've seen the bodies. Of the
policemen, at least. Some weird shit I tell you. Reminded me of some
cases in this area. Where you now work, actually ..." he let the
sentence linger, but Angus did not respond. He just stared at the
officer, trying to give him a blank look. It didn't work so well.
"Something isn't right, I tell you. Something is off, and not just off a
bit, off by a gaping mile." He stared back at Angus but finally blinked
and downed another Vodka.

"Week's Favourite", Angus said.

Nievo smiled. "You got your priorities sorted, don't you? Living in a
hellhole but always supplied with the newest Vodka Weekly Favourite
...".

Angus smiled, too, and most of the awkwardness of the visit disappeared.
Somehow, deep down, they both respected each other, though neither fully
trusted his opposite. Probably it was their nature, Angus thought. Nievo
would have made a fine Storm Lord if he'd had the blood.

"The victim's bodies?", Angus enquired, though he already knew the
answer.

"Disposed of quickly", Nievo said, and now he just sounded tired, "Seems
the autopsy was clear." He softly shook his head, the motion already
slowed a bit by the amount of vodka he had drunk since arriving. "You
don't even seem that surprised."

"Been in the [papers](media:Zeitung9.pdf "wikilink")," Angus responded,
"trouble?"

Nievo sat upright. "Maybe. I need some info, and I thought you might
know. Or know someone who knows. This Neighbours for Neighbours ... it
smells. It stinks more than a metric fuckton of shit. No way they are
behind all they get credit for. No way things just change like that ...
you don't believe the papers either, do you?"

Angus slowly shook his head. "I put more faith in astrology then in the
truth of Admiralteyski Wochenblatt. And I don't believe in any
supernatural stuff ..." Nievo smiled again. It seemed he valued the
confirmation. Angus had to force down a smile. Nievo valued his opinion,
sought his support? That was no small victory. "I'll keep my ears
open.", he told Nievo, "And my eyes. If I run into anything strange,
you'll be the first to know."

Nievo nodded, smiled, and stood up. "Why don't I believe that second
part?", he said. Angus just smiled the way he always smiled when he
would not answer.

After Nievo left, Angus went back to his meditation. Just a few hours
before, he had met [Victor
Flammendes-Schwert](Victor_Flammendes-Schwert "wikilink") at the [Bronze
Horseman](Bronze_Horseman "wikilink"). The old Storm Lord had had some
bad news. A pack of Forsaken had been wiped out to the northwest of the
city. It seemed they had gotten themselves into a shootout with the
police, which ended with the pack and a bunch of officers dead. He knew
their leader had been headstrong, but still the story was odd. The
papers sold it as a mafia incident, and Forsaken policy was to keep it
as such. Yet the old Storm Lord was not only there about news. The
reason for the fight was a police raid in the area, and while the raid
had been carried out by local officers, the lead had come from inside
the pack's territory: The bodies of the
[Eristoffs](Eristoffs "wikilink")
[abducted](Breeding_Grounds#First_Episode "wikilink") a few weeks ago
had been found on the coast, and a trace had led the officers to the
Forsaken. Angus' [pack](Shadowclaws "wikilink") had made its own
[coverup](to_serve_and_protect "wikilink") of the abductions, to protect
the remaining family that still lived in the territory, so whoever was
behind this must have known the truth. Yet how could the abducted
Eristoffs, who had been taken by the Pure, show up dead deep inside
Forsaken territory - and killed by firearms, no less, despite the Ivory
Claws disdain of technology?

Trouble was brewing, and it appeared to be in connection with the
Neighbours for Neighbours. And Victor made it clear that it was the
pack's task to find out what was going on - it was their territory. For
Angus, it was more than a task. The Forsaken killed were the pack that
had found him after his [First Change](First_Change "wikilink"). Yet now
he meditated to put those thoughts behind. Their deaths would be
avenged, but that had to wait. The hunt for the remaining Rahglu took
all his pack's concentration. If those strange things found another
sanctuary in the area, he doubted the pack would be able to evict them
again. The cellars of the
[cathedral](St._Nicholaus_Cathedral "wikilink") were finally clear, but
the queen was still missing. They needed to kill that queen, then the
hive would scatter. And then, only then, they could finally do something
about this strange Neighbours for Neighbours. He just had to hope it
would not be to late.

[Category:Werewolf](Category:Werewolf "wikilink")
[Category:Tales](Category:Tales "wikilink")
