Renown is a measure of how well-known and well-respected a werewolf is,
in particular among spirits. While they hate and often fear werewolves,
spirits still acknowledge the power and wisdom of the half-breeds.

Renown is split into five fields, each representing a particular virtue
respected in the Hisil. The more a werewolf is respected in a particular
field, the stronger the gifts that spirits are willing to teach him. The
more total renown a werewolf has, the higher his rank amongst spirits -
some legendary werewolves are even rumoured to be respected as minor
gods, though few if any have even met such a paragon of Renown.

Renown is gained through living by certain standards. Rarely is a single
act enough to earn a new rank of Renown, and most werewolves choose to
focus on two or three of the five categories. To simulate this, the
group awards 'Renown-XP' at the end of sessions. There is also the
possibility to tell of some personal feat by making an entry on this
fine Wiki. This can gain up to one Renown XP between two sessions. The
five kinds of renown, and ways to earn them by making an entry, are as
following:

## Cunning

Unconventional solutions, new ideas, a successful indirect approach.
Possible ways to gain a Cunning XP are spreading tales of one's personal
feats (as the deception of St. Petersburg official in the investigations
surrounding Grigor's Rage), protecting the Oath indirectly (for example,
by discrediting rumours about wolf sightings, as were even in the papers
once - one could write an article by the character, or a tale how an
'investigation' led astray by a werewolf produced wrong results, or even
how a lawsuit filing for 'causing public unrest' condemned the newspaper
to pay a fine for their unbased claims), or simply a new way to see
things (for example, the fight between Rote Wut and the Shadowclaws was
also a fight between two different criminal organisations in St.
Petersburg - but which one was the cause?).

## Glory

Winning a victory, possibly for higher goals than self-interest, or
telling a tale of big achievments (not necessarily one's own). Possible
ways to gain a Glory XP are telling a good story (like the
[tale](The_Eternal_Guardian "wikilink") of
[Edouard](Edouard_Lambert "wikilink") about the pack's latest
adventures), spreading tales about the noble motivations of one's latest
victory (like not having killed the old man and instead going for the
undoubtably tougher enemy, only not to hurt
[Nadja](Nadja_Ivanetsch "wikilink")'s feelings), or inspiring other
forsaken by giving an example of 'good' actions (as retelling how
Grigori made the long voyage from Siberia towards a pack he left,
because he still felt a duty towards them).

## Honour

Fulfilling one's duty or oaths, uncovering lies and falsehood. Possible
ways to gain an Honour XP are telling a tale of one's honourable
behaviour (for example, how Grigor was the last one to retreat before
the stone knights in the strange castle, to make up for his earlier
blunder), spreading stories about how oneself or one's pack fulfilled an
oath no matter what the cost, and even if there were simple ways out, or
simply reflecting about ones behaviour (e.g., make an entry about what
the character thinks about the recent events, and how he justifies his
behaviour, and where he thinks he went wrong).

## Purity

Adhering to the principles of harmony. Possible ways to gain a Purity XP
are telling a story how oneself stayed true to the oath, even if it was
inconvenient and 'unnecessary' (e.g., how one held a tenet that would
have been above the Sin threshold despite adversities), reflecting on
the upholding of the oath (writing an entry how the character thinks
about the recent events, where and why they went against the oath - and
how it could have been avoided) or simply spreading tales of one's
self-restraint and 'harmonious' behaviour.

## Wisdom

Application and gathering of knowledge. Possible ways to gain a Wisdom
XP are forging new pieces of lore (for example, write a story about the
strange mirrors as it could be told from master to student), telling
stories about one's own wisdom (for example, how Angus applied a
variation of a known rite to cleanse the locus - this could also be a
description of the rite) and reflecting on the true reasons behind
recent events (make an entry about how the character thinks about the
recent events, and the wisdom of the actions they took - as well known,
in hindsight one is usually wiser\!).

I hope this helps a bit. These are only suggestions, so as a general
guideline anything vaguely associated would do. In fact, you would have
to mess up quite heavily to not be awarded an XP : )

[Category:Werewolf](Category:Werewolf "wikilink")
[Category:Setting](Category:Setting "wikilink")