The founding members of the pack faced their Rite of Initiation
together. They all underwent their [First
Change](First_Change "wikilink") within a month, so the elder werewolves
in St. Petersburg decided that the time was right to found a new pack,
instead of separating the cubs and reinforcing existent packs. After the
young werewolves agreed (what choice did they have?) and each chose a
tribe (except for Grigori, who preferred to remain unaffiliated), the
elder werewolves decided that it would teach the new pack how to work
together if they had to face their Initiation challenge not
individually, but as a team. Only the very last step, the actual
Initiation into the tribe, would be conducted separately, since the
packmembers chose different tribes.

Their task was to find and eliminate the source of a recent killing
rampage that had broken out near the centre. Initial investigations soon
pointed to a park in the northwestern part of Petrogradsky. The pack
went to investigate and were attacked by a strange beast in the shape of
a bear. Their enemy delivered forceful blows, sending a werewolf to the
ground with only one or two hits and proved too much to handle. The pack
was forced to retreat and return the next day.

After investigating the site, they found a locus in a statue of one of
the city's heroes from the Great Patriotic War. With information
obtained from the local spirits, they were able to find out that their
enemy was very likely an ancient vampire with little humanity, recently
awakened from long torpor. His hiding place was inside the statue that
represented the locus -- which meant it would be difficult to force him
out. However, they found out that if the locus were to be destroyed, the
resulting supernatural ripples would most likely disable the magic that
kept the creature in the statue, ejecting it into the outside world. The
problem, though, was that the local spirits naturally were not
particularly well-disposed towards the idea of destroying their locus.
After promising to help rebuild it after the fight, the werewolves
entered a 'non-aggression-agreement' with the resident spirits.

They gathered on a sunny afternoon the next day, waiting until no
witness was close by. Destroying the locus proved to be easy, and
shortly after that a big male person emerged from the statue -- only to
instantly catch fire and change into an enormous bear. The monstrosity,
brightly ablaze, charged the closest werewolf, but was only able to take
a few steps before it crumbled to dust.

The following month was spend reconstructing the locus, which proved to
be far more difficult than its destruction had been. As the locus was
aligned with hope, they had to reinforce any sentiments of hope nearby,
or have hopeful people come to the statue. Still, this proved to be the
lesser problem -- the gathering essence attracted all kinds of spirits,
and the pack had to keep a constant watch in the Hisil to prevent the
essence from being consumed. It was during this vigil that they first
made contact with [Wissendes Auge der
Nacht](Wissendes_Auge_der_Nacht "wikilink"), their future pack totem
which at this point had made a loose alliance with a number of other cat
spirits. Using the cover of darkness (and the shadow influence of
Wissendes Auge der Nacht), they were often able to steal some essence
while the werewolves were busy keeping the flood of smaller spirits at
bay. This was only ended after the pack set out to track Wissendes Auge
der Nacht down, and force it into the pack.

After this the remaining resistance was overcome and the locus rebuilt.
In a number of ceremonies the young werewolves were [introduced into
their respective tribes](Tribe_Initiations "wikilink").

[Category:Werewolf](Category:Werewolf "wikilink")
[Category:Tales](Category:Tales "wikilink")