The pack 'Rote Wut' was the southern neighbour of the
[Shadowclaws](Shadowclaws "wikilink"). The packs [recently
clashed](Battle_against_Rote_Wut "wikilink") over territorial issues and
the fate of [Edouard](Edouard_Lambert "wikilink").

Three of the four former Members of 'Rote Wut' perished in the conflict,
and the last survivour founded a new pack, [Crimson
Tears](Crimson_Tears "wikilink").

Only '[Die Amazone](Die_Amazone "wikilink")', a Ghost Wolf Cahalith,
survived the fight - though she was half the reason it started. Having
visions of utter destruction wrought upon the werewolves of St.
Petersbourgh by the advent of [Edouard](Edouard_Lambert "wikilink"), her
pack set out to destroy him, and the pack that always aided him in the
visions - the [Shadowclaws](Shadowclaws "wikilink"). She realized the
mistake only when she realized the young werewolf was also a Cahalith,
blessed by the mother just like her. She proved essential in helping the
pack clean up the mess. Upon returning from a journey, she started
reclaiming the territory of Rote Wut with the help of the Crimson Tears.

'Klauenwind' was a Ghost Wolf Rahu, far beyond the border of sanity. Her
Harmony had dropped to very low levels, but she was still a fighting
machine able to take on the best the
[Shadowclaws](Shadowclaws "wikilink") had to offer. When the fighting
intensified, she finally lost her grip on sanity completely, and remains
missing as of now.

Sergey 'Stahlknochen' Ivanovich, the leader of the pack, was killed in a
border fight with [Grigor](Grigor "wikilink"), who unwisely took his
head home as a trophy, thereby starting an open war.

The last member of 'Rote Wut' was Flammenfell, a Pure spy, only being
able to pass along 'Rote Wut' because the pack had lost too much Harmony
to see him for what he was. A servant of Rabid Wolf, he had infected the
dreams of the packs Cahalith, in order to start a war among the
Forsaken, a war whose sole winner would be the pure surrounding the
city, waiting for their chance to strike.

[Category:Werewolf](Category:Werewolf "wikilink")
[Category:Setting](Category:Setting "wikilink")