The sewers below the pack's territory have seen their share of action
since the pack moved in. They were scene of a
[battle](fight_in_the_sewers "wikilink") the pack fought against a
rising spirit, during which they learned much about them.

While the physical side of the sewers is mostly inaccessible (like most
sewers), the Hisil of the sewers is influenced by the common
misconception people have about sewers, and allows for easy access,
though they are still rather narrow. There is a rather strong
[locus](sewer_locus "wikilink") here, site of constant battles among the
spirits that inhabit the Hisil of the sewers. Since the fall of the
[Great Slimy One](Great_Slimy_One "wikilink") and
[Athumu](Athumu "wikilink"), the power vacuum has lead to constant
fighting between several courts. Since this means the spirits are busy
with each other and don't bother the physical world, the pack has done
little to change this situation, though it makes the sewers dangerous
ground to tread in.

Yet it seems there is more here. In the northern part of the territory's
sewers, one can reach another, older part of the sewer Hisil. Here the
sewers are wide enough to allow small boats to pass, or three people to
stand next to each other on their sides. A small breeze can be felt, the
air reeks of salt and fish rather than the usual stench, and it carries
the old melody as from a distant lute. If one takes the right steps
(following an [old song](the_smuggler's_song "wikilink") that has been
recently covered by Moskau Hotel), one finally reaches another
[locus](smuggler's_treasure "wikilink") belonging to an enigmatic spirit
the pack calls [Meister im Norden](Meister_im_Norden "wikilink"), since
he seems to command the cat spirits in the sewers. The spirit seems
little involved in the usual madness of the Hisil, preferring its
solitary retreat.

There is also a part of the sewer Hisil where the air is filled with a
red mist and screams of agony and pleasure. A sickening smell of blood,
fear and sweat permeates the mist, and entering it leads one to a pit,
where a narrow staircase leads to the origin of the violent sounds. Yet
there are always a number of violent spirits here, attacking on sight,
so little is known about this pit except that it seems to be the home of
a court known as [Roter Hof](Roter_Hof "wikilink") - an utterly
unpleasent court that has caused trouble in the past.

And who knows what else the Hisil hides?

[Category:Werewolf](Category:Werewolf "wikilink")
[Category:Territory](Category:Territory "wikilink")