A spirit of lesser Jaggling rank, also known as "lost Daughter". She
embodies the concepts of mourning and fear of losing someone/something.
She often appears as a large foetus in red clothes. Her first concept
was the spirits of the aborted children of prostitutes, hence her
appearance. Originally she was part of the [Red
Choir](Red_Choir "wikilink"), but she escaped during the events of the
[fight in the sewers](fight_in_the_sewers "wikilink"). There currently
seems to be some infighting in [her court](Grey_Court "wikilink").

The pack (or rather [Aleksandr](Aleksandr "wikilink") bargaining
generously on the pack's behalf) made a deal with it, to save
[Ivana](Ivana "wikilink")'s life. The deal is valid as long as Ivana
lives, so the pack has a safe way out should the need arise. Aleksandr
would probably oppose it, but [Angus](Angus "wikilink") seems quite
willing to use this threat at least as a bargaining chip.

The deal compromises the following points:

  - Both parties will refrain from any path of action that could lead to
    direct attacks on the other parties. This is basically a
    non-aggression treaty with the added security of not being allowed
    to use third parties against one another.
  - The pack will be allowed to use her main
    [locus](Black_locus "wikilink") to cross the Gauntlet, and the
    Werewolves are entitled to a third of the essence generated by the
    locus.
  - In return, the werewolves are bound by oath to help defend the locus
    in rough times, to fight their common enemies from the [Grey
    Court](Grey_Court "wikilink") and to assist her in tracking down
    spirits of her retinue that go rogue.

[Recently](Breeding_Grounds "wikilink"), the spirit has acquired another
[locus](old_altar "wikilink"), and gained control from the
[Rahglu](Rahglu "wikilink"). She-Who-Was–Eternally-Lost is now a name
that is not spoken lightly in the Hisil of the pack's territory.

[Category:Werewolf](Category:Werewolf "wikilink") [Category:Angus'
Spirit Almanac](Category:Angus'_Spirit_Almanac "wikilink")