Smauri Ivarrson is a legendary Iron Master belonging to the
[lodge](lodge "wikilink") of [smiths](smiths "wikilink"). So great is
his fame that he is known to Iron Masters in the whole of northern
europe, though he has carved his territory on Iceland, where legend says
he has a forge on the foot of a volcano, whose spirit is his totem.
These rumours are likely over-the-top, but he is undoubtedly a master of
his trade. Unusual for a werewolf, he has travelled much across the
earth, seeking out old masters and young engineers alike to learn all he
can about the art of forging steel. Smauri is old, though as with so
many werewolves it is hard to estimate his true age. He has spend the
last years looking for a worthy successor, and rumour says he has
finally found one in young Lukka "smoking iron" Holmsdottir.

In the eyes of Forgesoul, Lukka still has to prove her worth by showing
she also has the talent for producing fetish-blades that has made him
famous. Iron Masters (or their friends) looking for a good blade often
invite her to make it for them, for all she requires is that the first
deed done with the blade is dedicated to her name, so that the Cahalunim
sing praise of her skills and she may finally prove worthy to follow her
master.

Of course, it is also a possibilty to seek out Smauri himself on
Iceland, though the old werewolf is hard to find, surrounded by other
packs that will likely not welcome travellers - and even if one where to
find him, who knows what price such an exalted champion of the forge
will charge?

[Category:Setting](Category:Setting "wikilink")
[Category:Werewolf](Category:Werewolf "wikilink")