## Outset

To be able to receive more foreign money, the St Petersburg city hall
opened a branch concerned with environmental safety and other issues
dear to a western European's heart. A frenchman was appointed to lead
the branch, [Maurice Gerald](Maurice_Gerald "wikilink"). A building for
the environmental branch was opened in the pack's
[territory](territory "wikilink"). The building was scouted out by
[Grigori](Grigori "wikilink"), who, then an employer of the city, had
the task to find a suitable building. He wrote the reports clearly
favouring the building for a reason - in fact, the pack's main
[locus](locus "wikilink") lies in the building.

## Founding

At first, [Grigori](Grigori "wikilink") decided to transfer from his job
as a lockkeeper to the Sewage and Waste Authority, so that the pack
would have easier access to the locus. [Angus](Angus "wikilink") then
followed and started work as an office bitch. After Grigori left, a
chemist, [Andrei Andreiovich](Andrei_Andreiovich "wikilink") joined the
team. The first major task was the
[investigation](Fight_in_the_sewers "wikilink") of a waste disposal
scandal, which let to very high pollution levels in the waters leaving
the sewers. Angus was tasked with mapping out most of the sewers, since
decades of neglect had led to cave-ins, rusted locks, and maps that were
far from accurate.

## Destruction and Rebuilding

Following the events of [the infiltration of the Rote
Wut](Battle_against_Rote_Wut "wikilink"), Gerald and the chemist were
found dead in the burned-out office. Angus became acting chief of the
division and oversees the rebuilding and reorganisation of the branch.

Renovation of the building took about a month and ate into the funds of
the branch. The recent acquisition of a special robot for better access
of the sewers, part of a deal with [Steel
Spider](Steel_Spider "wikilink"), means there are unlikely to be any
further expansions this year. In particular, it seems Angus will have to
do the job alone, since there is no money for another employee.

## Current state

Currently, the branch headed by Angus has a small motorboat and some
measuring instruments at its disposal, as well as a special robot
designed to access smaller pipes, collecting samples and helping to map
the sewer system. Much of the laboratory part needed for detailed
chemical analysis was lost in the fire, and has not yet been replaced -
and probably won't be before the new 2003 budget arrives.

[Category:Werewolf](Category:Werewolf "wikilink")
[Category:Territory](Category:Territory "wikilink")