**Disclaimer: Right now, this is pretty much work in progress. I want to
turn it into a Werewolf Main Page, but I'm too lazy right now to think
about how much text should go here. Input is welcome (see talk page).**

This part of the Wiki is about the Werewolf: The Forsaken saga started
in Konstanz. As the amount of material has grown considerably (and is
still growing thanks to the Veteran Meetings), it merits its own 'main
page' as a starting point for reading up ahead of a Veteran Meeting.
That's what this page is about.

We now have a [title song](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e7kJRGPgvRQ)
for Werewolf\!

### Setting

The saga is set in [St Petersburg](Petersburg "wikilink"), centred on a
[Pack of Werewolves](Shadowclaws "wikilink") holding a territory in the
Admiralteyski district. The center of the town is in the hands of
Forsaken, and they have formed a loose [alliance](alliance "wikilink")
to fend off the Pure waiting outside town. Four other packs of the
alliance are known to the players: [Schatten der
Zaren](Schatten_der_Zaren "wikilink"),
[Glasfelle](Glasfelle "wikilink"), [Litanei der
Straßen](Litanei_der_Straßen "wikilink") and [Crimson
Tears](Crimson_Tears "wikilink"). With the execption of the recently
formed last pack, there have been surprisingly few tensions among the
alliance so far.

Information concerning the Setting is gathered in the
[Setting](:Category:Setting "wikilink") Category, with an overview being
provided on the [Petersburg](Petersburg "wikilink") page.

The [loci](locus "wikilink") in the city are listed in the
[locus](:Category:Locus "wikilink") category.

The pack's Ithaeur also tries to complete a work on all of the spirits
in the pack's territory. For a list, see [Angus' Spirit
Almanac](:Category:Angus'_Spirit_Almanac "wikilink"). For an overview,
see the [Spirits](Spirits "wikilink") page.

### Dramatis Personae

The center of the saga is of course the pack of player characters, going
by the name of [Shadowclaws](Shadowclaws "wikilink") and consisting of
five Uratha. There are two - quite different - Cahalith, but the auspice
role of Elodoth is unavailable, so the pack has troubles finding a
balanced and mediated approach to problems (and life). While this has
improved with the addition of the second Cahalith, the pack still has a
tendency to create more problems than they solve.

Some of the other werewolves in the area have frequent contact with the
pack, most often as mentors or teachers, in particular [Victor
Flammendes-Schwert](Victor_Flammendes-Schwert "wikilink"), the oldest
werewolf and widely respected as an Elodoth and [Andrei
Wind-in-den-Straßen](Andrei_Wind-in-den-Straßen "wikilink"), an
experienced Ithaeur who taught Angus most of his rituals.

Other werewolves have occured as enemies in the past, but most of them
are dead. [Die Amazone](Die_Amazone "wikilink") was also an enemy of the
pack, then turned almost an ally. She is now dead.

There is a number of important mortal that often make an appearance,
namely [Nievo Ashkov](Nievo_Ashkov "wikilink"), the local head of
police; [Nadja Ivanetsch](Nadja_Ivanetsch "wikilink"), Angus'
wolf-blooded girlfriend; [Ivana](Ivana "wikilink"), a colleague of
Aleksandr and [Vladimir Wecek](Vladimir_Wecek "wikilink"), the mafia
boss of Grigor.

Information on the characters is gathered in the
[Characters](:Category:Characters "wikilink") Category. There is a
roughly sorted overview on the [Dramatis
Personae](Dramatis_Personae "wikilink") page. Spirits and other denizens
of the Hisil are listed on the [spirits](spirits "wikilink") page and
gathered in [Angus' Spirit
Almanac](:Category:Angus'_Spirit_Almanac "wikilink").

### Territory

The Territory of the characters lies in the southwest of the city
center, in Admiralteisky district. It is mostly compromised of
industrial areas and the residential areas of the workers. To the west
is the baltic sea, and to the east the old city center, most of it still
no-mans-land. To the north and south lie the territories of other packs,
both members of the alliance.

The mood in the territory is mostly gloomy, as the prospects of the
working populace are not the best. The pack has started some initiatives
to try and brighten up the district, but up to now they only (if at all)
set off the problems caused by the pack in its fight against
supernatural enemies.

The spirit side of the territory is correspondingly dangerous, with the
west being in the firm grip of the (quite xenophobic) [Court of Fire and
Steel](Spirits_of_Fire_and_Steel "wikilink"), and the rest more or less
under control of the gloomy ones, with some isolated pockets belonging
to other courts.

Locations important to the territory - and its history - are listed
under [Category:Territory](:Category:Territory "wikilink"), with an
overview on the [Territory](Territory "wikilink") page.

### History of the Pack

The pack claimed its territory about a year ago. Initially, the young
werewolves had a lot of difficulties, upsetting human and spirit
population alike with their behaviour. While this has improved over the
year, there still is a long way to go.

After the [conquest of a locus](Old_radio "wikilink"), the pack was busy
fending off attacks by several spirits in the area, all of them not
pleased by the arrival of a self-proclaimed 'gauntlet police'. Only
recently were they able to establish themselves, finally gaining some
sort of control over the hisil as well.

There are still a lot of enemy factions, though, and the pack had to
prove itself once more as the conflict with the [Violent
Ones](Violent_Ones "wikilink") [rose to a new
peak](The_fate_of_The_Bleeding_Stone "wikilink") over the allegiance of
a powerful spirit. In the end, they were able to fend off the attack.
Most likely, they only won a bit of breathing space, as the Court seems
far from being beaten.

The [tales](:Category:Tales "wikilink") category contains all pages
about the history of the pack. The [timeline](timeline "wikilink") pages
provides an overview.

### Note

If you find something that is missing, please make an entry
[here](ToDo:Werewolf "wikilink"). If you start a discussion on some
Werewolf article, please link it on the ToDo page. Or tell me how to
find out which articles have a talk page : )

[Category:Werewolf](Category:Werewolf "wikilink")