It was late at night when [Angus](Angus "wikilink") entered the Peter
and Paul Fortress under the watchful eyes of the Enlightened. After they
had said down in a pleasantly furnished room,
[Victor](Victor_Flammendes-Schwert "wikilink") gave a nod to
[Dima](Dima_Kochegarov "wikilink"). The Cahalith rose and started
speaking.

''"You know the legend of Silver Wolf and the first, failed, attempt to
replace Urfarah? When Father Wolf was weakened from the poison of the
Hag Queen, the Ivory Claw's totem tried to replace him. He failed
though, and fled from the rage and fury of the primal wolf, licking his
wounds. He did not return until our Ancestors had brought Urfarah down."

''"Well, there is a local legend attached to it. It says that it was
here that Silver Wolf fled, and here that he first betrayed our duty, as
the poor tribes continue to do until today. Instead of guarding the
border marches, he made a pact with a mighty spirit of winter. While
Silver Wolf would be able to hide in the vast spirit wilds of modern day
Siberia, the spirit was allowed to cross and spread its influence under
the cover of his followers, thereby escaping punishment by Father Wolf.
It is a sign of their false strength: The Pure assess that the strong
may take what the want and the weak should give in. In the end, it
resulted in the creation of much of the modern-day Siberian tundra, as
the spirit's cold influence transformed the land."

''"You know that Silver Wolf seeks to destroy all the legends
surrounding his defeat by Urfarah. This is no different, and knowing the
legend will mark you as a victim for the Ivory Claws, more than your
tribe affiliation already does. Three hundred years ago, a Storm Lord
struck a deal with a spirit of lore that would see the legend survive
the onslaught of the Pure. Yes, it was during the Great Northern War,
when Peter the Great was in the area. They were the ones who gave him
the idea to found a new city here, a city of learning, where Russia
could modernize. It was to become a window where the light of
Enlightenment could enter Russia. A Window to the West."

''"If all would have went according to plan, the spirit and the city
would have become one, the
[Window-to-the-West](Window-to-the-West "wikilink"), a place where lore
meets new thoughts and creates Enlightenment from it. It did not, of
course. The City is not only a place of learning and lore. It is also a
place of violence, as it's construction claimed hundreds of lives and
marked the emergence of Russia as a power in the European theatre. It
has seen more war and sieges than many an older city. Therefore, the
spirit of the City is not one single entity. True to the church, which
was the first building to be erected in the city, it is threefold. It is
Window-to-the-West, a place of science and lore, of thought and
Enlightment. It also is a place of art, as it is still one of the
culturally most important cities, outshining even Moscow at times. But
it is a place of violence, too. A place of dismissed suffering and
death, where a few would reap the benefits of the sacrifices of many.
This face of the city is simply known as
[Daemonium](Daemonium "wikilink"). As is human nature, it quickly grew
stronger than Window-to-the-West."

''"The [Lodge of Enlightenment](Enlightened "wikilink") thrived, and for
over a hundred years the Forsaken held the City and watched the borders
between Shadow and Light, true to the Oath. Then the pure allied with
Daemonium and attacked in numbers too great for the Forsaken to handle.
In the 19th century, we lost the city, and we lost the legend with it.
For the next hundred years, the Pure tried to destroy
Window-to-the-West, to eliminate the legend from memory. They did not
succeed."

''"Then Flammendes-Schwert encountered it. He was already a powerful
Werewolf when he met Window-to-the-West, and instantly took it upon
himself to reforge the old pact the Storm Lords had made with the
spirit. In the course of a few years, he had united a few packs of
Forsaken. They were not many, but it had to be enough. And it was. We
retook the city, reforged our pact. Now [we stand
together](Alliance "wikilink"). The city shall not again fall to Silver
Wolf's servants."

''"This is our secret. The lodge is not young. It is reborn from the
ashes left by the Pure, and its duty is to never again show weakness by
letting them take the city. The place that symbolises our pact. Our
ally. The Window to the West."

It had grown cold in the room, Angus noticed. Outside the window, an owl
holed. It was a snow-white owl, a rare kind. All seemed to notice, yet
nobody pointed it out. Then Victor arose.

''"Now you are a full member. Your duty is clear: Keep the alliance
intact. Protect the legend. Protect Window-to-the West. You can train
with us, from now on. Our ally offers some insight into the ways of
lore, diplomacy and leadership that few mundanes are able to achieve."

''"It will be your choice alone how much of this you tell your pack. The
lore about the faces of the city, it's spirit being split, might sure
prove important. The Legend might be interesting to some, though you
should be aware of its risks. One thing, however, the basis of our
lodge, is a secret that is forbidden to outsiders. Our pact with the
city itself. I'm quite sure we killed all the pure that knew of their
pact with Daemonium. I don't want to give them any ideas about renewing
it."

''"One more thing: Our ally is not a spirit of lore and enlightment
without a reason. We have access to one of the biggest collections of
tales and legends in the area. Another of our non-open secrets, though.
If you ever need access to it, contact me. There is a price, though. We
failed Window-to-the-West once. The new terms of our pact are less
favourable than they had been..."

And with that, the meeting was over. Angus left the fortress and started
on his way back. Then he noticed he wasn't alone. Turning around, he
found [Vanya](Vanya_Sokolow "wikilink") behind him.

''"Ah, young Iminir. A word. I don't know how much you care about some
epic purpose behind your fight. Myself, I couldn't care less. What I
care about is that we can keep the Pure at bay, as long as we keep this
alliance up. All the rest might just as well be only that. Legends.
Don't let it go to your head."

None had realised what had been especially weird about the white owl:
Its eyes had been of pure silver.

[Category: Werewolf](Category:_Werewolf "wikilink") [Category:
Tales](Category:_Tales "wikilink")