On the bank of the Fontanka River in the east of the old town centre,
close to the territories of [Glasfelle](Glasfelle "wikilink") and
[Crimson Tears](Crimson_Tears "wikilink"), are two old palaces called
Anitschkov and Shuvalov Palace. They have both seen a lot of use
throughout history, the more splendidly furnished Anitschkov Palace
currently serving as a conference center for international conferences,
while Shuvalov Palace is a youth centre where concerts and other events
are regularly held.

Anitschkov Palace was formerly the "House of International Cooperation"
and still has a very calm and friendly resonance, while Shuvalov Palace
long served as the headquarters of the "young pioneers", and has a
correspondingly bland resonance. The palaces are connected by an
extensive park.

In the Hisil, there are a huge number of overlapping reflections of the
park and palaces, representing different episodes of their history. It
is very easy to get lost in the labyrinth of hallways, corridors and
rooms. Not all of the various inhabitants are friendly, especially not
towards werewolves, so it is inadvisable to enter this labyrinth on ones
own. It seems that the geometry of the labyrinth, while certainly weird,
seems not to be changing (at least not constantly), so it is possible to
navigate the maze.

At the heart of the palace hisil, in a splendid ballroom, sits the
spirit who owns this area, called [the maiden](the_maiden "wikilink").
She is fiercely protected by her various followers, in particular by a
number of greater gafflings appearing in the form of guards. The spirit
- and therefore the area - belong to the [court of Eternal
Grace](court_of_Eternal_Grace "wikilink").

[Category:Werewolf](Category:Werewolf "wikilink")
[Category:Setting](Category:Setting "wikilink")