A small place in central [Petersburg](Petersburg "wikilink"). It is
largely unremarkable, especially when compared to the major attractions
of the area, just a small square with three adjacent houses to the east,
and roads to the north, south and west. Despite being situated in a
solid middle-class neighbourhood, the place is in disrepair: There are
cracks in the plaster, a tree in its centre has long withered, leaving a
patch of mud that has been spilt out on the square by rain; two benches
with broken boards are located next to the former green spot.

The houses at the square don't look much better: There is an old house,
all entrances nailed shut, that looks close to collapsing; a pharmacy
that has [just recently](Petersburg_Wilhelmplatz "wikilink") been
closed, and an old café that has just recently been reopened. All the
buildings are still in disrepair. There are no cobwebs or other signs of
insects between the houses, everything just looks dead.

The destruction in the physical world has not progressed past the place:
The houses on the other side of the road are in good condition, and the
people that live there tend to just ignore the place.

In the Hisil, this is a barren, created by the endless fighting of [the
Son and the Nephew](the_Son_and_the_Nephew "wikilink"). The area of
decay reaches just to the houses, but it's growth has been checked by
the [Shadowclaws](Shadowclaws "wikilink"). It is not entirely void of
spirits, there is some essence to be found here, guarded in turns by the
Shadowclaws and some [Handmaidens of
Bloodshed](Handmaidens_of_Bloodshed "wikilink") hired by the [Blood of
the City](Blood_of_the_City "wikilink").

With the recent opening of [Café
Alexanderplatz](Café_Alexanderplatz "wikilink"), the spirit
[Kaffeehaus](Kaffeehaus "wikilink") can be found floating in the Hisil,
while some visitors find their way to the cozy café that totally
confuses Germany and Austria, placing the Alexanderplatz, its namesake,
in Vienna.

[Category:Werewolf](Category:Werewolf "wikilink")
[Category:Territory](Category:Territory "wikilink")