In the south of the pack's territory there is a center for the local
youth inside a residential area mainly inhabited by immigrants. The area
has [seen](Fight_in_the_sewers "wikilink")
[much](Battle_against_Rote_Wut "wikilink")
[trouble](The_old_werewolf's_last_play "wikilink") recently, and is
generally in a bad shape - many buildings are run-down, and there is no
place for young people to meet.

The ground floor of the youth club features a large area where the youth
can meet and drink (non-alcoholic\!) beverages. The top floor has some
sparsely furnished sleeping rooms, where young people can stay for a
night if they have trouble at home. The cellar houses three 'hobby
rooms', one of which is outfitted with an improvised boxing ring used by
[Grigor](Grigor "wikilink") for 'self-confidence through self-defence'
sessions. Another has a few outdated gym machines, while the third is
empty except for a large table.

There is a staff of social workers employed - an addition provided by
[Vanka Iosiforna](Vanka_Iosiforna "wikilink") - such that at all times
there are at least two persons who can tend to the youth, and make sure
everything stays within bounds.

The club is used by the local mafia for recruiting suitable teenagers
(lack of inhibitions, strength and willingness to obey being the main
criteria). Grigor runs this operation since the mafia assigned him the
post a while ago. He has since recruited about a dozen young lads,
referred to as the [Foreign Legion](Foreign_Legion "wikilink") since
none of them are native russians.

[Category:Werewolf](Category:Werewolf "wikilink")
[Category:Territory](Category:Territory "wikilink")