The noise in the taproom reduces to a lower level as the young man with
the harp settles down on one of the tables. "A tale\!" - "Yes, tell us a
tale\!" - "Sing\!", the drunken voices shout. The young man picks up his
harp and touches the string, striking up a small melody to accompany his
introductory words.

"Tonight, I shall tell you a tale of a young man from the woods, and how
he won his knighthood. It is a story from the famous Westerwald, the
faerie woods close to this dwelling."

There is some murmur in the room as the bard mentions the woods. Too
many remembered the tale of [Hömberg](Hömberg "wikilink"), a failed
attempt at settling the woods.

"Our hero goes by the name of Aphanius. He is a young man who grew up in
the woods, raised by their inhabitants, but rescued from their clutches
by a travelling monk. He learned the way of our saviour, and when he
came of age he decided he would take up arms to protect others from the
wickedness of the fey he suffered as a child. But to take up arms he
would have to win the title of knight, for it is not allowed for the
common man to bear arms and a banner."

There is silence in the taproom now. The young man has certainly
captured his audience's attention as his play becomes louder.

"What makes a knight? An old source tells us, that he is a knight, who
carries a [lance](Aphanius'_Talisman "wikilink") in battle,
[proves](Aphanius_visits_the_Court_of_Bright_Winter "wikilink") his
worth in romance and has a
[squire](Aphanius_visits_the_Court_of_Dark_Summer "wikilink") to take
care of mundane tasks..."

The bard's voice becomes more melodic now as he starts to sing. The
melody is almost playful, with some suprising turns.

He tells of a lance, a length of wood with an iron tip, and how it is
the sign of knighthood. He tells how the hero of his tale shows his wit
when he crafts himself a small tiara of wood, and adorns it with a
symbol at the front. Thus he appears no more armed than a maiden, when
in truth he carries a knight's weapon.

The bard makes a brief pause to drink some of the ale that the maid had
put next to him, then he continues. The melody now is a bit melancholic,
but the notes are very clear and determined. He sings how a knight need
not only be skilled in battle, but also in the art of chivalric romance,
and how many a fighter failed the test of courtship. In his tale, the
hero wanders the woods at length, asking plants and birds who the most
beautiful maiden in the forest is, always receiving the answer that is
the queen of winter, but that she has a heart of ice that no man can
warm. The hero still steps up to the task, and while he fails to warm
her heart, his display of affection is sufficient to grant him her
favour. Thus he masters his second task.

The bard pauses again, drinking another ale. Then he picks up the harp,
this time starting a sinister melody, with a threatening undertone. He
tells how the last tale would prove the most dangerous, as our hero
seeks out another faerie queen to wrest his squire from hero in a battle
of wits...

(wait for play-by-wiki to finish)

At the end, the tale is well received. The young man smiles to himself
as he moves on to drinking with the crowd in the taproom. He was getting
paid to do this, by some weird guy he had met ... getting paid to do
something that would pay even further was not the worst think, though he
did not look forward to meeting his employer again anytime soon.

[Category:Ars](Category:Ars "wikilink")