After the destruction of the infernal mice, Aphanius goes to sleep,
tired from all the spontaneous spells and running around as an ape. On
the next day, he is already up exceptionally early (i.e., two hours
before noon) and orders [Günther](Günther "wikilink") to catch some
sleep during the day since he will need him for the night. The Grog
obeys, but silently prays that they will return to
[Waldheim](Waldheim "wikilink") soon, so he can stand guard again,
separated from all the craziness of his master by a solid wooden door.

His prayers are apparently not answered, since Aphanius, unusually
cheerful the entire day, calls him from his slumber as soon as the sun
has set and takes him to the tree. He orders Günther to stand watch
while he is busy, and mentions that he might appear a bit ... absent.
With more preparation time, Aphanius has a more thought-through approach
to magical exploration of the underground lair than two nights before.
He picks up a pebble from the river's bank, and starts enchanting it,
taking his time to catch his breath in between the spontaneous spells.
At one point, the pebble vanishes from sight, but the Grog decides it is
best not to know what exactly his master is planning.

After some time has passed, Aphanius lifts his hands to the hole in the
tree (he makes a weird gesture as if holding something between his
fingers, but there is nothing) and again casts a spell. Then he stands
motionless, only casting a spell from time to time. Günther sometimes
sees the face of his master light up, then it appears very calm again.
Sometimes he almost flinches, sweat appearing on his brows, but he never
speaks a word to Günther. Only when the sun rises does he finally stir
from his sitting position next to the tree, tiredly nodding to Günther
to leave. "I shall need you again next dusk. Be ready."

And such, Aphanius and his Grog spend several days next to the tree,
always initiated by the same procedure of Aphanius collecting a pebble
and enchanting it before sitting down next to the tree.

[Category:Ars](Category:Ars "wikilink")