[Aphanius](Aphanius "wikilink") sets out as soon as he finds the time.
He will take Günther with him, as well as his usual equipment (i.e., his
sword and robes), except for replacing his usual iron tiara by one made
of ice. On the morning, before leaving for the court, he casts another
spontaneous CrIg spell for the day to illuminate himself (just like he
did in Hömberg). He then casts his 'Piercing the Faerie Veil' and 'Aura
of Enobled Presence' and heads into the forest, leading the way for
[Günther](Günther "wikilink").

It is (appropriately) a bright winter day as Aphanius and Günther set
out, a few light sprinkles of snow occasionally drifting down between
the trees of the Westerwald. The two set out on the vague path from
Waldheim, and walk for a couple of hours through the silent forest. By
following the correct correspondences (uphill, light, snow, cold) as
well as his instincts and his magics, Aphanius is able to get close to
where he believes the faerie regio to be, although to Günther it seems
to be a rather rambling, irrational walk.

Eventually, they arrive at a clearing where bright sunshine plays off
fresh, deep snowdrifts. On the far side, two giant figures block a path
deeper into the forest. Aphanius recognises the threshold to the regio
and the outer entrance to the [Court of Bright
Winter](Court_of_Bright_Winter "wikilink"), and approaches. The two
guardians are snowmen, eight foot tall, with berries for eyes and carrot
noses, wielding spears of a pale wood. As before, one of them speaks,
with a deep wintry voice, *"In order to proceed, you must pass a test. A
challenge of endurance, of wisdom, or of the hunt. Which is your
choice?"* Aphanius answers that he wishes a test of wisdom. The other
snowman then speaks, *"The part of the bird that is not in the sky,
which can swim in the ocean and always stay dry. What am I?"*

Aphanius ponders for some moments, then replies: *"You are the shadow."*

The impassive guardians stand to either side, to allow the magus and his
grog to enter the path. They pass through a dense stretch of trees, calm
but blanketed with snow, and ascend a slight rise to the small hill at
the centre of the court.

The two travellers arrive at the clearing atop the hillock. It is
bright, althought the light is diffuse, and snow is all around, in
places with some white lilies poking through. Across the clearing, at
the highest point, is a rockface with what appears to be a large window
of ice or glass, fringed with icicles. Some of the snowflakes which
drift lazily around the court, seemingly with a mind of their own,
periodically peel off from the pane or reattach themselves to it. Behind
it, the court's presumed ruler is seated. She is a pale and beautiful
young woman, slender, with long dark hair, bearing a serene expression.
She wears a pale gown and a coronet of ice. A host of other faeries are
assembled around the court: a man with the head and wings of an owl, a
hunter with a ferret's head and horse's hooves in a dark cloak carrying
a pale bow, a peaceful grey bear wearing leather armour in whose lap a
todder plays, other smaller beings. A number of wolves lie docile around
the edge of the clearing.

The gentle sounds of the court quieten further as Aphanius approaches,
and numerous curious heads of various types turn in his direction. The
small owlish man steps forward -- Aphanius remembers that he seemed to
be the spokesman or steward of the court; he is dressed in a tunic and
carries an ornate staff. Appraising the guest briefly, he bows deeply
and gracefully, his owl wings tucking behind him. *"Welcome again, noble
guest,"* he addresses Aphanius, ignoring Günther, *"To what does the
Lady owe this unexpected pleasure?"*

Aphanius also bows politely before the faerie steward. *"I would not
think my visit is entirely unexpected. After all, the Lady requested my
assistance in a matter, and I helped out. You will certainly have noted
the settlement of Hömberg is no longer an issue. I have already taken
steps so it will not become one again."* Aphanius stands even more
upright, his face resolved. His voice is calm, polite yet determined.
*"However, I must remind her Lady with all due respect that I am not a
member of her court. I am a free man of free will, and as such I did not
do as she commanded but as she wished. I fought for her, twice, in
battles which might very well have cost me dearly. I therefore have the
right to ask for something in return."* Aphanius makes a small pause and
casts his gaze over the assembled court, making sure to meet everyones
eye should they be looking at him. The message is clear: He does not
intend to back down. *"I have come to claim that right."*

There is a long moment of silence throughout the court, interrupted by a
faint chilly breeze which blows several snowflakes across the scene.
Some of the lesser faeries stir a bit uncomfortably, but the Lady seems
impassive, as always.

The steward steps forward again, cautiously. He coughs delicately before
speaking. *"Your assistance was most welcome, valiant guest. The Lady
however notes that you continue to enjoy the hospitality of her
domain... What exactly did you seek by way of reward?"*

Aphanius replies without hesitating, his eyes fixed on the lady beyond
the ice, his expression one of adoration and desire. *"I have but one
desire: A curl of hair from the most beautiful maiden in the forest, so
I can carry a memory of her into future battles. As custom commands, I
will continue to fight for her as long as I reside in her domain."* His
voice becomes firmer and louder, as if he was challenging some invisible
invader. *"Yet I shall fight with the strength of ten men and never
despair if I carry a token of her into battle\!"* He pauses for a
moment, gaze cast into the distance beyond the ice, as if lost in a
dream. The snowflakes drifting through the court settle on his skin, but
they do not melt. Then his eyes slowly focus back onto the court. He
speaks as if waking up from slumber. *"That is all I seek."*

The court responds with a faint hubbub of hushed voices and animal
noises, some of them sounding either shocked or impressed. There is a
minor snow flurry again, which settles down into a long moment of
absolute silence.

The owl-man, slightly wide-eyed, purses his lips. *"You certainly make a
bold request, noble knight."* There follows another moment of silence.
Again, the figure of the maiden behind the ice window does not react...
or was that the faintest tilting of her head that Aphanius noticed?

The steward clears his throat and speaks again, as if making an official
annoucement. *"The Maid of Frozen Dew will agree to your request and
honour your pledge of service... if you can prove yourself a worthy
suitor, that is. You have already proved your valour, now you must prove
your wits\!"* He gestures somewhat theatrically to the faerie ruler.
*"The Lady says that you may have your prize, if you can claim it in
person\!"* The court responds with some oohs and aahs -- clearly they
are now becoming excited by this challenge. The steward bows again and
steps back gracefully, seeming to indicate that Aphanius should simply
step forward to the Lady. But obviously it can't be that simple... and
there is the strange pane of... ice? in the way.

In the meantime, Aphanius has noticed that the pane of ice coincides
with a regio boundary... As the magus ponders, with the audience in
expectant mood, the steward steps forward once more, rummaging in a
pouch. He withdraws something and offers it to the magus. *"Ah\! Perhaps
you were waiting for this\!"* He hands over a delicate pair of silver
scissors. There is some laughter among the court in response, which
subsides again into silence.

Aphanius nods thankfully when handed the scissors. *"Indeed, that's what
I was waiting for. As you have said, my sword is certainly not the right
tool for such a delicate task."* He pockets the scissors and then he
lets his gaze wander around the court, walking around as if looking for
something. He is looking for further regio boundaries, but stops every
so often to catch one of the drifting snowflakes with his hand, examine
it for a moment, and then let it go as if it was not what he was looking
for.

The large snowflakes do not melt in his hand. They seem to have a mind
of their own, blowing around where they want. It almost seems as if they
return to the pane of the ice or glass when they are about to melt, to
replenish themselves. The rough rocky outcropping on top of the hill is
about the size of a large house. The cave and window of ice appear to be
at its front, facing onto the clearing and the Court. From his spell,
Aphanius can tell that the innermost regio level roughly coincides with
this highest rocky region. He approaches the cave more closely and
begins a walk around the Court...

The assemblage of faeries parts to allow him to explore. The
ferret-headed hunter looks at him watchfully, as if to warn him from any
mischief. The toddler in the lap of the great bear stares at him
goggle-eyed, as if he is the first human he has ever seen. It looks like
it is possible to walk to either side of the rocky hilltop, but at the
rear it looks too overgrown and steep to navigate easily... Moving
around to the left-hand side, the clearing between the rockface and the
slope away from the Court is narrower. It looks like there is some kind
of narrow cave entrance -- inside it is dark and laden with ice and snow
and does not appear to be a regio boundary, at least not immediately. A
great white wolf lies blocking the entrance and watches him closely.

Finally, Aphanius catches a snow flake that has a rough, thorny pattern
on the periphery, but a smooth, rolling pattern at the center. He makes
a small delighted sound and heads towards the icy window, as if he has
found what he was looking for and intends to now claim his prize. He
kneels down, the snowflake still in his hand, and looks at the lady,
though he avoids eye contact.

*"My liege, most beautiful lady in the forest. I know that my station is
far below yours, yet I cannot withhold the passion burning inside me. I
know I will never be your equal, and I do not ask you to accept me. I
only ask a small gift, something to remind me of you while away."* He
pauses briefly, holding the snowflake higher. *"Think of me as this
snowflake, not bound by oath but by its own will to drift close to you.
Its outside is warlike, just as I will continue to fight for you. It is
rough, just as I will never betray my feelings for you after the sun
sets today, for they are unbecoming. And it is cold, just like I will be
on the outside, showing no compassion for those who have no honour."* He
briefly pauses again. *"Though on the inside, it is beautiful and
enchanting, just like I will always think of you. It is bright in the
light of the sun, just as I shall carry your blessing with pride. And it
is cold, just like I will be for knowing I can not have what I desire
most."* His eyes finally shift to meet hers. *"I blow you this snowflake
as the closest I will ever come to a kiss from you. Like this snowflake
I would fade if not for your blessing. Please grant me my humble
request."* And with that, he raises the snowflake close to his lips -
yet not touching them - and blows it towards the lady.

Aphanius' speech is met with a respectful silence, after which there are
some sounds of appreciation and admiration. The snowflake drifts forward
gently, bobbing to and fro, and makes its way to the pane of ice --
through which the impassive Lady still stares at the magus -- and kisses
the window, melding on to it and dissappearing. For a brief moment,
nothing happens. Then the lady raises one hand slowly. From the interior
of the ice pane, a snowflake -- possibly somehow the same one -- detachs
and drifts towards her. The window is slightly opaque, so it is
difficult to make out all the details, but it seems to bob towards her
head, which she tilts slightly. The snowflake attachs to her cheek and,
slowly, melts. There are some gasps of astonishment and amazement around
the Court. It is difficult to tell, but perhaps, just perhaps, the
Lady's expression has assumed a slightly wistful or melancholic hue?

In any case, it seems that the magus' gesture is well-received, although
there is no further assistance forthcoming towards his objective... or
at least no obvious aid. He seems to have hit the right note of style,
but he still has to somehow get into the cave.

Aphanius rises, a smile hidden on his face. *"Thank you, my lady, for
accepting my gift."* He bows deeply and then proceeds towards the narrow
path. His pace is slow, yet determined. He fixes his eyes on the big
wolf, catching its gaze. Thus he approaches to within a foot. Then he
kneels down, slowly extending his hand to stroke the beast's snout.

The great wolf seems remarkably peaceable right now, and does not seem
to object to Aphanius' attentions. The beast does not protest as
Aphanius cautiously steps over it to enter the dark, icy tunnel ahead of
him...

The narrow passageway has rough-hewn stone walls, and packed ice and
snow covers its floor. In places icicles and stalactites extend from the
ceiling. It is not completely dark; there is a faint eerie blue
phosphoresence from somewhere, in places slightly brighter, at other
junctures barely more than black. Patches of mist lurk in some of the
tunnels and the air is mostly still, but occasionally the faint echoes
of howling winter winds can be heard.

The first tunnel proceeds gradually downwards, before branching. It
quickly becomes clear that this underground domain is much larger than
the rocky outcropping appeared to be from the outside... there is a
veritable labyrinth down here\! Aphanius notices passing through a regio
boundary. He walks on in the gloom, sometimes struggling against the
slope, the icy floor, or a narrow pass... It would be very easy to get
lost in here, he cautions himself, but fortunately the young Tremere has
his Intellego Vim magics to guide him. He idly wonders where else the
tunnels might lead to...

Eventually, after what seems like an hour or more, he passes yet another
regio boundary and ascends a straight stairway that appears to have been
crafted by mortal hands. At the top, it is lighter... He emerges into
the chamber of the Maid of Frozen Dew. She sits there, serene as always,
watching him approach. Behind the slightly opaque window of ice, one can
now see out into the Court. It is silent from here, but if he could
perceive any sounds from the outside assemblage, he would have heard
gasps of amazement. The Lady inclines her head ever so slightly as
Aphanius approaches. He takes a deep breath and bows gracefully before
approaching carefully, taking care not to touch the faerie ruler.
Withdrawing the delicate silver scissors, he slowly snips off a small
lock of her jet-black hair and pockets it, bowing again. Aphanius has
his prize.

[Category: Ars](Category:_Ars "wikilink")