In the summer of 1228, [Aphanius](Aphanius "wikilink") and
[Günther](Günther "wikilink") set out from Waldheim to travel west.
They cross Pfalz Island, where they stay for a night, and then head
further west on the next morning. Aphanius seems somewhat grumpy and
distracted - he's simply not used to being up at daytime.

Once they reach the approximate area of the [Court of Dark
Summer](Court_of_Dark_Summer "wikilink"), Aphanius will cast a
spontaneous Perdo Ignem spell (Sun Duration) to cast himself into
shadow, as well as his Piercing the Faerie Veil and Intuition of the
Forest (the latter on both of them). So equipped, they start their
search for the regio.

They seem to gradually find their way into the lowest, darkest part of
the forest. It is a humid and sweaty night, and numerous flies bother
the two travellers. Aphanius' spells tell him that he should make an
abrupt turn by a blackened oak.

As they discover the way leading into the regio, Aphanius turns toward
Günther: *"It is essential that I show strength and solve the test
myself. You will stand back until I signal you or go to the ground.
Understood?"*

Günther raises an eyebrow, but nods.

Aphanius spontaneously casts a Wizard's Sidestep, then they enter the
first regio, crossing a dark clearing where the sky is spectacularly
clear and full of stars.

They head towards the two guardians at the far side of the clearing, and
Aphanius steps forth. They seem to be two seven-foot-tall scarecrows,
with pumpkins for heads, wielding large agricultural implements as
weapons. Inside each of the hollow pumpkin heads seem to be two dancing
eyes of light.

*"My name is Aphanius, Knight Errant. I wish to enter the Court of Dark
Summer. State your challenge."*

The two faerie guardians cross their weapons to bar the path. One speaks
with a hollow, crackling fire-like voice. *"You may attempt a contest of
skill, a contest of fighting prowess, or a contest of luck. State your
choice."*

Aphanius draws his sword. *"I choose the test of arms."* He then casts
his Perdo Vim Spell. After the first casting, the great scarecrow
recoils with a hiss, as if a fire had been doused with water. However it
stands yet, and advances jerkily, striking at the illusory magus. The
young Tremere hastily repeats his casting. This time, the faerie falls
to the ground with a thud. The hovering flames exit the lifeless pumpkin
head and fly off towards the centre of the regio.

Not paying any attention to the body, Aphanius enters the court,
sheathing his sword and dispelling his sidestep.

The centre of the regio is a dark clump of forest with a narrow path
leading into it. Aphanius first arrives at the Fountain of Flaming
Flowers. Tall blooms, red and purple, surround a group of pools, which
seem to be made of liquid light. Every now and again, a small fountain
of flame or light erupts, spraying a small dose of witchfires into the
air. The witchfires seem to be small points of light, akin to candle
flames, that slowly fly and bob around. Sometimes they visit the
flowers, and sometimes they re-enter the pool.

Seated on a rock overlooking the pools is a graceful lady of
indeterminate age, with red hair and starry eyes, dressed in something
between a hunter's and a noblewoman's attire. The Dame of the Flowers
stares contemplatively (perhaps with melancholy?) into the pools, and
only looks up briefly as the Tremere arrives, paying him little heed.

Further into the court, its ruler, the Crone of the Brazier, stands
haggardly, stirring a cauldron in the middle of a large plum-coloured
fire. She is an ancient and withered woman, dressed in a shawl. More of
the witchfires are here (this seems to be the nexus of their activity),
entering and leaving the fire, and dancing around the cauldron and the
Crone. The heat radiating from the fire's glowing coals is quite intense
and uncomfortable. The old faerie seems to notice the new arrival, but
at first does not speak, still endlessly stirring her cauldron.

Aphanius proceeds into the centre of the court, gesturing his shield
grog to stay one step behind him. He courteously nods to the Crone of
the Brazier, but does not speak. Instead, he glances around, looking for
suitable fey to take to his laboratory. Günther gives his master a
questioning look, but something tells him that he should stay quiet,
too. So the pair stands there, waiting for the Crone to speak.

It is a long, uncomfortable silence. The Crone glances at Aphanius a
couple of times, with piercing, ageless eyes, but says nothing. At long
last, perhaps after half an hour or more, she speaks with a throaty and
ancient voice, staring into the cauldron which she still stirs. *"For a
Knight Errant, your Manners seem to be lacking."* Her words hang in the
air with a slight hint of menace.

Aphanius just smiles at her words and finally bows. *"I was thinking
gold a suitable gift to a queen,"* he says, *"but if you wish me to
talk, so be it."* The Crone responds with the merest hint of a smile,
*"You are wise, Master Knight, silence is golden."*

Aphanius stands upright, his right hand resting on his sword hilt, the
left making a wide inviting gesture as he talks. *"I am on a quest to
prove my worth as a Knight Errant. I have already met two of my goals,
[winning](Aphanius_visits_the_Court_of_Bright_Winter "wikilink") the
favour of a beautiful maiden and
[crafting](Aphanius'_Talisman "wikilink") a lance to carry in battle. My
last is to gain a squire, and I have come to propose a bargain."*

He pauses for a moment, trying to lock his eyes on those of the Crone.
*"I will serve at your court until my eyes catch sight of Sirius seven
times. Afterwards, I shall take a number of servants from your court
until their eyes catch sight of Sirius seven times. I shall take any
that follow me willingly, yet their number shall be at least the number
of tasks you ask of me and at most the number of days I served you."*

Aphanius can't stop himself from drawing a deep breath after he has
spoken. Alea iacta est, to quote some famous guy from Rome. He stood
there, forcing himself to appear calm, meeting the Crone's gaze with
only the slightest hint of flinching. Voluntas vincit omnia, he repeated
silently, the will conquers all. Discipline and training will previal.
Yet on that night in the strange court, opposite the powerful faerie, he
was not entirely convinced of that.

The brows of the ever-stirring faerie crone furrow momentarily, and she
stares intently at the Tremere. *"But should the number of servants you
take exceed the number of days you have served me, you will owe me one
season of service for each unjustly taken servant. Do you agree?"*

Aphanius ponders for a moment, then spots the trap in the Crone's words.
He ponders for a few more moments, then offers a compromise. *"I agree,
provided I am allowed to take less servants than the number of your
tasks should I choose so."*

This time the Crone smiles slightly more obviously, with a hint of
menace. *"Very good. It is agreed. I will expect that a Knight keeps to
his Word."* She sniffs at the sultry night air, ever stirring the
cauldron. *"You may begin by fetching fuel for my fire. And when you
have done that, you may set about repairing my hut. And after that, you
may scrub all my tools until they gleam. And after that, you may craft
me a new shawl, from that which you find in the nearby forest."*

Aphanius sets about the task without haste or delay, instead focusing on
doing his work thoroughly. He uses spontaneous magic for the more
demeaning tasks like cleaning the tools, and manual labour for repairs
of the hut and the crafting of the shawl (though he is not beyond some
Rego magic to support him). He sets Günther to gather food and search
suitable shelter, and to keep his collection of nuts, one for each time
they sleep so he can keep track of the days in the weird regio. Aphanius
insists that Günther not take part in his tasks, so the Grog has some
free time on his hands.

It is around his work on the shawl that something stirs in the magus'
mind ... was the Crone referring to "days" as actual daytime? Then he
would owe no small amount of service\! But the Crone was also referring
to "seasons", and as a season is composed of all the days between two
stellar constellations, he would owe no service at all no matter how
many fey he took, if she were to insist on her definition. So the last
remaining problem was that she could give him very little tasks, and
claim only on the days where he worked on the tasks he had actually
"served" ... so, about to finish the shawl, he starts taking his time if
no further tasks are laid on him, ensuring that the number of days he
actually works is at least the number of fey he wishes to take at the
end of the season ...

Later, Aphanius retreats somewhat from the centre of the Court to
explore. In one place, he notices some larger blobs of fiery light
bobbing in the sweaty night air. Getting closer, they seem to be some
kind of large moths, but with luminescent red bodies, like fireflies.
Some of them seem to be playing or flying aimlessly, or chasing the
smaller witchfires, but the majority have occupied themselves
industriously. They seem to be gathering twigs and other debris from the
forest, and taking them to a hollow tree stump, inside which they seem
to have built some kind of dwelling or nest. Where slightly larger
objects, such as a small stone or a piece of bone, have to be moved,
several of the moths gather together to carry it.

Aphanius stands by and watches the fey for some time, then he
concentrates and calls up his magic. Suddenly, a dozen small lights,
flickering excitedly in a red colour, emerge from his hands and starts
flying among the fey. They chase after some and let themselves be chased
by others. Sometimes they split up to confuse their pursuers, or fuse
together into a bigger ball shining in a more threatening red, only to
burst apart again and fly into different directions. Aphanius just
stands there, concentrating. Whenever one of the lights is finally
caught, it vanishes in a flash of red. It takes the small fey a lot of
concerted effort to chase down the last of the lights, but after some 40
minutes, the last one is extinguished as two excited faeries close on it
from opposing sides. Aphanius then stoops to pick up a small nut that
has fallen from a nearby tree, again working his magic to make it shine
like a candle, then presenting it to the gathered fey as a present for
their dwelling.

The Tremere magus thus begins to befriend the faerie moths, or so it
seems. They remain wary of him, but don't seem to object to his
assistance.

During the first four nights, Aphanius does nothing of note, fulfilling
his tasks and entertaining the fey he intends to take in his free time.
He tries to find out if they are receptive to music, if they are able to
understand speech, or if there are other ways to communicate with them -
he especially tries light in different colours to indicate different
moods. Every evening, he glances at the night sky to make out Sirius.

The moths seem to be semi-intelligent. They respond to some kinds of
music, to others not. They do not seem to understand speech to any great
extent. Nevertheless, Aphanius begins to develop some kind of
understanding and basic communication with them...

Of course, Aphanius (and Günther) quickly begin to become hungry, and
thirsty. (I assume they feed themselves from that which they find
nearby? Some forest creatures -- rabbits and the like -- could be
caught, plus mushrooms and berries can be found. Still, all of it tastes
pretty foul, on the verge of being rotten or decayed, but can be downed
with difficulty, and provides nourishment.)

On the fifth night, the magus takes care not to glance at the sky, going
to bed early and wrapping a blanket around his head so he does not catch
sight of the star. He proceeds to do so during the next few nights.

Aphanius quickly begins to lose track of the days, because there do not
seem to be any days as such. The stars turn in the heavens, more or less
as usual, but dawn never seems to come. Whenever he goes to his
makeshift bed or wakes, it is night. The "days" can be judged by the
number of times that one sleeps and eats, although the seasonal
movements of the stars seem to indicate that the season is already
nearly halfway through, which is reinforced by the amount of nuts
Günther has in his backpack.

Aphanius was sitting near the nest of the fey he had tried so hard to
impress during the last few weeks. At least they were accepting his
presence now, and it seemed they started to understand each other. He
gazed at the star, then down to the parchment which held the
calculations he had done at his lab. Ten days, if his calculations were
right, were all that was left of the season. Then Sirius would vanish
beyond the horizon, only to reappear next summer. It was time to set his
plan into motion.

For two days, Aphanius will (try to?) watch Sirius appear above the
horizon again, bringing his required length of service down to one day.
Günther has rarely seen his master so nervous, for there is a small fear
within the Tremere that he will lose this duel of wits, condemning him
to stay at least two more seasons at the court before he can head home.
Voluntas vincit omnia, he can often be heared muttering in the evening,
as a reassurance to himself.

...

[Category:Ars](Category:Ars "wikilink")