A fairy court in a regio in the forest on the left bank of the Rhine,
about a day's travel from [Schönburg](Schönburg "wikilink"). It can be
accessed during Summer, in the nighttime. Upon traversing a marshy
clearing, the way is blocked by two giant pumpkinhead scarecrow
guardians. In order to pass, one must succeed at a challenge, a test of
Skill, Chance, or Arms (i.e. defeating the pumpkinheads). Beyond, a path
leads down to the fiery glade at the centre of the regio. Here, tiny
witchfires drift gently around, and brightly-coloured flowers spray fire
into a pool. The ruler of the court, the Crone of the Brazier, sits
before a giant brazier which she endlessly stirs. She seems to be an
ancient woman. Another notable resident is the Dame of the Fountains of
Flaming Flowers, an elegant but melancholy woman of indeterminate age.

The magi were searching for a cure to the ailment of Karlotte, the
daughter of the Baron of Schönburg, and were trying to get the Crone to
force the Dame to answer their questions. (It seems the Dame has some
kind of knowledge of or link to the Schönburg family?) The magi refused
the rather distasteful (to them, anyway) proposed deals, such as
destroying a nearby monastery or capturing an unbaptised baby for the
Crone. Instead, they wagered versus an unspecified favour on a coin
toss... which they won\!

In several ways, this court appears to be counterpart of the [Court of
Bright Winter](Court_of_Bright_Winter "wikilink"). Anyone with a modicum
of Faerie Lore (such as [Aphanius](Aphanius "wikilink")) will have noted
that the three most important faeries complete the classic trio of maid,
mother, and crone.

[Category: Ars](Category:_Ars "wikilink")