Downtime before the [next session](VT_No._5 "wikilink") will be from the
Summer season 1229 to the Spring season 1231, inclusive. That's 8
seasons in total. *KA-CHING\!*

**YOU MUST COMPLETE THE FOLLOWING BEFORE THE NEXT SESSION\!\!\!**

**(Failure to comply may result in the loss of vis and/or seasons.)**

## Adventure of your choice (optional)

You may spend one of your seasons doing some kind of adventuring (please
describe briefly), for which you may take 10XP on appropriate Abilities
and Arts (but not all on Arts\!)

## Write Wiki-Story (optional)

Write a suitable story concerning any activity or event during the
downtime, gain 5XP on relevant Abilities/Arts.

## Miscellaneous Activities (optional)

If you want to do anything else out of the ordinary in these 8 seasons,
then either email me or otherwise add a page to the wiki or a section to
your character, and I will respond accordingly... eventually\!

## Vis

**\*\*\* Reminder that vis tokens have lost their validity\! \*\*\***

The sole true record of all vis owned by the covenant and by your
character is [here](Vis "wikilink").

Henceforth, all additions, trades, and expenditure of vis will be dealt
with on this wiki. I will add the covenant vis, including vis harvested
and vis expended on the Aegis of the Hearth.

**If you do labwork (either personal or covenant work) requiring vis,
please deduct the relevant amount from the relevant section, or if the
relevant section does not yet exist, add a note.**

I will be monitoring the history of the vis page closely. ;-)

## Covenant Work

Covenant work is one season every two years.

You thus have to do one season each in the current period of downtime.
Any reasonably useful item, book, or Lab Text is likely to be approved
as covenant work, and such approval may be assumed. It is likely you
will have the vis for items, within reason.

If you create an item, add it to [this page](Items "wikilink").

If you write a book or lab text, add it to [this
page](Library "wikilink").

We should also have a page keeping a record of all covenant work.
[Here](Covenant_work "wikilink") is such a page. Add a complete record
of all covenant work undertaken by your character. (I will fill in any
gaps from my records.)

## Remaining Seasons

You may study from books, invent spells, enchant items, etc. as usual.
If you invent a new spell or enchant an item please email me for
approval. If reading books, please ask me for the Qualities (i.e. how
many XP you gain). You can add a comment to the
[Library](Library "wikilink") if you wish.

Please update the list of [seasonal
activities](seasonal_activities "wikilink") with a brief summary. For
things that you want/need to keep private, just write a vague summary
such as "Travel" in place of "spends a season joining the demonic cabal"
or "Read book" in place of "study Infernal Lore", that sort of thing. :)

In the rare cases where you need to roll dice (study from vis,
experimentation), we can do this at the start of the next session.

## Update Companions and Grogs

For 1229 and 1230, each gets a total of 4 seasons training/practice, and
4 seasons of Exposure. Let's not get into the nitty-gritty of who
teaches what - you may assume a "sensible" programme of appropriate
training. (Two entire years of Great Weapon or Carouse training are
unlikely to be appropriate.)

In some cases, aging rolls may be necessary - we can do these at the
start of the next session.

If the character sheet is unavailable (i.e. it's in my folder
somewhere), you will have to do this at the start of the next session,
but let's not waste any time on it\!

## And finally...

If you've finished all this, give yourself a pat on the back, take a
deep breath, and henceforth leave me the hell alone. :-)

[Category:Ars](Category:Ars "wikilink")