Vexator arrived at the destination of the arcane connection. It was
warm, very warm. The sun was bristling hot in the sky, and the landscape
was considerably different from the Rhine Gorge: dry, brownish-yellow,
and much more stony. The Redcaps had given him the direction Vexator
would need to take to arrive in Epidauros. Just take the road along the
coast -- the sea breeze was quite refreshing, Vexator thought -- and a
little while to the north and some ancient buildings should be visible,
the Redcaps had instructed him.

Sure enough, after only a short while a rag-tag of ruins and buildings
appeared on a hillside, one noticeably larger and in better state of
repair than the others. A small village was below this, with a number of
men and women to be seen. "This must be it", Vexator thought while the
men eyed the strange visitor suspiciously. He tried to ask the villagers
in Latin if this was Epidauros, but they did not understand. Most kept
away from him, but the word "Epidauros" did provoke some positive
reactions and nodding from some. After a while, a woman approached him
slowly -- she was lame, and needed the support of her staff to move at
all. "Salve", she greeted Vexator in a broken Latin. "My name is Galla
of the House of Ex Miscellanea. Please excuse my Latin, it is not fluid
for speaking. How may I help you? What you look here in Epidauros?".

An Ex Misc, not very promising for such a famed covenant Vexator
thought. Still, he knew that there were quite a few specialist magi in
this riffraff House, so this one might be a Corpus specialist. "Salve
sodalis. My name is Vexator Silvanum of House Tytalus. I have come to
speak to Xenias of Tytalus of the covenant of Epidauros. Am I correct
here?" Galla nodded at the mentioning of the name Xenias. "Ah, you must
be magus of Rhine Tribunal. Xenias has speaking of you. But we not
expect you so early\!" -- "Well, I have other, more magical means of
travel at my disposal, so I can travel in less time." Galla motioned
Vexator to follow her. The walk up would take a long time, with Vexator
trotting impatiently beside the lame maga. "Please come with me, I will
bring you to Xenias. It is good having visitors from other Tribunals
here. Please talking to me of Durenmar, the center of our Order\!"

A quiet tingling sound of a bell announced the presence of Xenias the
Leper. He came in leper's clothing, near-fully veiled, with the
exception of his eyes. A bell was attached to his belt to announce his
leprous presence to his surroundings. Vexator was slightly taken aback.
He knew that Xenias was a leper -- his name being the very first hint,
and he also knew the his House had still a few of these leprous magi
left, who drew significant powers from their ailment. Still, seeing a
leper in full "regalia" was a little gruesome. "Welcome, sodalis Vexator
to our covenant, a place of healing and resting. I trust you are in good
health?" Vexator nodded. "It is such a pleasure and honour to have you
as our guest. Please, let me show you the *Enkoimeteria*, where we will
craft the longevity ritual for you. It is a building perfectly suited
and attuned to this task. The spirit of Asklepios himself will watch
over the process\!"

The remainder of the day was spent with Xenias showing Vexator the
buildings and explaining the various steps that would be undertaken to
ensure a perfect longevity ritual. Later, Xenias would approach Vexator
during the evening meal.

"My dear sodalis. I wish to endeavour a boon... You hail from the Rhine
Tribunal, do you not? I believe Durenmar holds the combined records of
all Bonisagus magi?" Vexator nearly choked on his food. "Durenmar? Well,
yes, I suppose they *do* hold the records of all Bonisagi. But, truth be
told, from the few visits I had in Durenmar, the record-keeping prowess
of that covenant is not exactly formidable..." Xenias looked a little
disappointed but nevertheless continued. "Still, perhaps you would be
able to help. We have a magus here who is in a bit of a precocious
situation. His name is Garabed, might I be able to introduce you later
to him? He will be able to explain his difficulties better than I can
hope to relay. If I may be so bold, I would consider it a personal
favour if you could help him. He has some business to attend to in the
Rhine Tribunal, in Durenmar in particular."

\---

Vexator met with Garabed, a rather small, frightful young man. "Xenias
told me that you needed some assistance in finding something out in
Durenmar? Searching the records there?" Garabed nodded. "I must tell
you, do not get your hopes too high", Vexator continued, "the Bonisagi
there are not the most organised of magi... What is your problem,
specifically?" Garabed sighed and started talking. Slowly, carefully at
first, but then more firm, with more confidence as his talk went on. His
Latin was very good, Vexator thought.

"Well, let me start by explaining where I come from. I am not native of
the Theben Tribunal, at least I do not think so. For as long as I can
remember, I have been the apprentice of a magus who called himself
Hippolytus, a Bonisagus Seeker. He was driven to find Noah's Ark in the
Armenian mountains. He is -- was -- old, very old, and Twilight-ridden.
Most of the time I couldn't understand what he was saying, and the times
I did understand him, his utterings made only partial sense. Therefore,
I am not even fully certain if his name actually *was* Hippolytus.

My master and another magus, an Ex Misc magus by the name of Vokharinel,
had set up their laboratories in the Armenian mountains far to the east
of here. I got my training from my master, and sometimes Vokharinel
would add a few lessens, particularly towards the end of my
apprenticeship, when my master was acting more and more strange and
incomprehensible. I finished my studies, passed my gauntlet, and was
taught the secrets of Parma Magica. An unfortunate accident happened,
and my pater went into Final Twilight. Now, here I stand, and I have no
way of actually proving that I am a magus of House Bonisagus, in fact I
am not too sure myself\! I was never presented at any Tribunal. I
believe my pater said that we are nominally part of the Novgorod
tribunal, but we never went to any Tribunal meetings, never had any
Redcaps visit us, we never saw a single other magus in all those 18
years of my apprenticeship\! I don't think the Novgorod Tribunal knew
that we existed, but we were so far away from any other covenant. No
wonder not even the Redcaps came to visit us\!

I vowed that I would find my rightful place as a magus of House
Bonisagus, in a proper covenant, in a proper Tribunal, with records and
proof. I knew next to nothing of the Order of Hermes, only a few facts I
managed to pick up from my master. The Ex Misc wasn't helpful in that
regard, either. Most of the time he was outside chanting his weather
magics. So, I went out in search of other magi. I knew that a covenant
existed in Constantinople, so I went there.

Upon arriving, I realised first that everything my master had told me
was untrue: Constantinople was held my Latin nobility, there had been a
great war, most covenants were abandoned or razed. I managed to find my
way to here, only to hear that the Thebes Tribunal has never heard of
me, my pater, not even of our covenant\! I have been put up to date
concerning the Order as a whole, so now I would like to go to Durenmar
and check the records of the Bonisagi there. Xenias told me that you are
from the First Tribunal, are you not? Could you direct me to Durenmar
and help me out?"

The "Bonisagus" looked imploringly at Vexator. A story so fantastic, it
had to be true, the Tytalus thought. Even if not, the possibility and
fun of having a "lost" Bonisagus running around was just too good to let
slip. "I do not know how much I can help you, and as I said, the records
of Durenmar are in chaotic disarray. But I can present you at Durenmar
and see to it that you can search the records there. The rest you will
have to manage on your own\!"

Gladly, Garabed accepted the offer. Time to change my travel plans
slightly, thought Vexator...

[Category:Ars](Category:Ars "wikilink")