#### Introduction

This is going to be a lenghty article, since it will follow my main line
of work. However, for now, it is merely a compilation of rough ideas yet
to be formed, and an outline of the work that I have laid out before me.

#### State of affairs

Soon, there will be the first tribunal since the founding of the
covenant, and by then all of our debts will be cleared. When we have
established ourselves in the Rhine Tribunal, and survived the critical
first seven years, I can rest somewhat more easily. While I will still
be devoted to keep the covenant running smoothly - what is a man that
forgoes discipline and duty? - I expect to be able to set aside more
time for my own, personal research.

Since the tribunal is also a great opportunity for meeting fellow magi
and exchanging research, I want to organize the research I expect to
carry out ahead of the tribunal. It would be a sad and unnecessary thing
if I were to find out I missed something merely because I did not think
of it.

#### Basic Theory

I will refer to the work of the Great Flambeau Archmage Philipus Niger
and his approach to the final solution of problems, which is basically
split into three parts:

  -
    1\. Find the source(s) of the problem.
    2\. Eliminate the source(s) of the problem.
    3\. Eliminate all symptoms of the problem left.

While I am certain that I will not see the second part accomplished in
the time I am given on this earth, and suspect that I may not even live
to see the first through, I am nonetheless determined to make as much
progress on the first part as possible, and deduce ways to tackle the
second part.

This leads to the next question, which is: How does one determine the
source(s) of the problem? Here, common opinion in hermetic theory is
that a problem is characterized by its symptoms, and if one follows the
symptoms to their origin, one will arrive at the source of the problem.
I will therefore shortly lay out the symptoms, which are in these case
the problems themselves, in rough terms:

The main problem - one could even say, the real problem - would be the
interference these creatures present, which can be roughly split into
two parts: Most importantly, the interference with hermetic society, and
on a side note, the interference with mundane society, which is only
mentioned here since we are bound by the Hermetic Oath to respect the
mundanes and not upset them, implying that their problems are at least
in a certain way our owns.

The problems created by the Fay for hermetic society are manifold, but
usually boil down to a few things: The general threat they can present
to travelers, their interference with the rightful access to magical
resources and the existence of fairie auras were magical auras could
percievably be.

The problems for mundane society basically boil down to the threat they
pose, which only concerns travelers - and who cares if a few worthless
mortals go missing? - and their tendency to 'claim' children as their
own, which leads to fairie bastards as my unlucky self. I jugde these
problems to be far more basically than the ones presented for hermetic
society, especially since the first one - the threat to travelers - is
probably not worth solving at all. I will therefore focus on the second
problem, which is the existence of creatures that have 'mixed' blood, as
my first main work. It will provide a good basis for later work, and
serve as a valuable exercise. I do not expect it to take more than two
tribunal periods.

It is interesting to note that only few of the fairy bastards are actual
offspring of a direct breeding between fay and human. While some seem to
stem from the fairies' fondness of abducting children at young age and
keeping them with them for a while, others seem to appear at random in a
family where noone can remember any contact with the Fay. They all have
a certain attunement to the fairies in common, be it the aptness at
handiwork of those with dwarven ancestry or my very own, much more
worrysome, heritage.

#### First Act: On the presence of Fay in persons

I therefore deduce that some part of the fairie bastards is indeed
attuned to the realm of fairy. My first quest will be to determine how
exactly this attunement manifests. I am assuming that spells of the
'Intellego Vim' class will be of the greatest help in this, and have
chosen my studies of the recent years accordingly. For the future, I
plan to secure - preferably live - specimen and conduct some basic
experiments. While the sole hunter at Waldheim seems to be attuned to
the realm of Fay, I hesitate to choose him as my first object of study,
as I cannot guarantee for the health of the subject, and he seems to be
a valuable contribution to the running of the Waldheim Chapter House. It
should prove easy enough to find another, more disposable, subject.

  -
    [Aphanius](Aphanius "wikilink"), Filius Clemens, Filius Stentorius,
    Filius (irgendwann sollten wir mal die Namen hier beschließen,
    Andrew), Filius Tremere of House Tremere
    Princeps of the Covenant of Nummus Prosper
    in the Chapter House of the Covenant of Nummus Prosper located at
    Waldheim
    in the Winter of the year 1226

I have procured specimen of simple faeries to serve as laboratory
assistans and, at times, specimen, at the court of dark summer ...
\[more to come\]

  -
    [Aphanius](Aphanius "wikilink"), Filius Clemens, Filius Stentorius,
    Filius (irgendwann sollten wir mal die Namen hier beschließen,
    Andrew), Filius Tremere of House Tremere
    Princeps of the Covenant of Nummus Prosper
    in the Chapter House of the Covenant of Nummus Prosper located at
    Waldheim
    in the Summer of the year 1228

#### Second Act: Establishing a defense

I have determined that Waldheim cannot be at the whim of the local
Faerie courts. If things come to blows, it is better to be prepared. If
not, it is better to negotiate from a position of power than from one of
weakness. I have therefor decided to collect tools for the use in dire
situations. Careful planning is one of the key factors of winning a
battle.

My first step shall be a visit to the court of bright winter, to gain an
arcane connection to their ruler and assess their defenses a second
time. The recent development of the Hömberg problem has provided me a
suitable basis to demand such a connection as a form of 'payment'. I
will set out as soon as I fully recovered from my wounds.

  -
    [Aphanius](Aphanius "wikilink"), Filius Clemens, Filius Stentorius,
    Filius (irgendwann sollten wir mal die Namen hier beschließen,
    Andrew), Filius Tremere of House Tremere
    Princeps of the Covenant of Nummus Prosper
    in the Chapter House of the Covenant of Nummus Prosper located at
    Waldheim
    in the Winter of the year 1227

[Category: Ars](Category:_Ars "wikilink")