Last night, before we found the lair of the mice and exterminated the
infernal incursion, something really unexpected happened. We were
following the strange stench of rotting water that permeates the air on
the southern island and can also be found here, somehow mistaking it for
the source of infernal influence. The aura was definitely magic, as I
easily noticed. After a short walk, we reached a larger water cavern ...
where something was moving. I cast a spontaneous PeVi spell to destroy
demons in the room, but nothing happened. Then tentacles appeared and
started reaching for me. I had to use spontaneous ReCo magic to get
myself away from danger.

Still, the first thought that crossed my mind when the creature appeared
was not "Danger\!", but "Familiar\!". Perhaps, this explains why I took
until almost the last second to get away from the approaching tentacles.
Something about the creature just struck a chord within me. All evidence
says that where Familiars are concerned, one should trust his instincts,
and so shall I. I will have to find out more about it ... so much to
learn. I shall spend the rest of the Summer season here at Pfalz Island,
to explore the habitat and habits of the creature. Then I will return to
Waldheim, to see if I can construct a suitable lair there. I think with
some Perdo Terram magics, as last night, it should be possible to create
caverns below my lab that connect to the wood's surface outside. The
rain will fill them with water. I shall have to make plans and take
measurements once I return. I shall also have to find some space in my
laboratory. Perhaps I will finally move my living quarters to the upper
part of the building.

I'm so excited\! Tonight I shall start my exploration. Now, what spells
best to use ... ?

  -
    Aphanius, Filius Clemens, Filius Stentorius, Filius (irgendwann
    sollten wir mal die Namen hier beschlie√üen, Andrew), Filius Tremere
    of House Tremere
    Princeps of the Covenant of Nummus Prosper
    in the Covenant of Nummus Prosper on Pfalz Island
    in the Summer of the year 1232

[Category:Ars](Category:Ars "wikilink")