An important matter has arisen aprubtly, prompting me to delay the use
of my new laboratory equipment to handle the issue. It seems some
hapless Flambeau filius got himself lost in Cologne, and now none less
than the great Philipus Niger has requested our aid in the matter. Since
Cologne is in the newly founded Lotharingian so-called-Tribunal, it
would be handy to uncover some evidence of the no doubt widespread
contravention of the peripheral code the apple guild is certainly
perpetrating in this would-be-Tribunal.

As my esteemed colleague Relentus is probably a bit misplaced in the
largest city the holy empire has to offer, we will depart as a group of
3 magi, namely my esteemed colleagues Undine and Vexator, myself, our
faithful shieldgrogs, Hademar for some heavy duty persuasion, and Simon
to dispense of all those bothersome daily troubles a journey brings.
There are rumours of the involvement of some hedge magicians, but i am
confident that no outside force can stand against the Order's magic. We
shall return soon and successfully.

We have returned. Due to the unfortunate fact that I can not (yet) be at
several places at once there were some bothersome cases of incompetence,
but as a whole the expedition was succesful. The filius has been
returned into the safe lap of the order, another infernalist slain and
Philipus Niger seems not to upset about everything. Maybe because we did
not tell him to much about the horse-and-carriage-chase through Cologne,
or the rather unfortunate burning of a larger river vessel during a
breakout attempt of said filius, mercifully cut short by Undine. But I
shall stop this confused scribblings and recount our experiences
chronologically.

We arrived in Cologne to find that it was not - as expected - a bit
larger than Waldheim or even Kaub, but several orders of magnitude
larger. Finding the tavern that was recommended proved to be a rather
lengthy experience, where I had to step in personally after several
failed attempts. At Night, we left the town again, as my esteemed
colleague Vexator seemed either to timid or simply uncapable of
performing his Intellego Corpus spell in a divine aura. Some of the
grogs were already showing signs of sleepiness when we finally returned,
having found that the young boy was being transported around. It seems
our enemies had anticipated Intellego magics, which indicated the
involvement of some soon-to-be-deceased hedge wizard.

In the morning, where no sane person goes about anywork and I thus
rested for an afternoon of chasing a boy through streets, the other magi
set out without me. Their reports were very confuse, but it seemed that
my esteemed colleague Vexator finally got over himself and dared to use
magic in the town itself, allowing them to track the boy despite the
shortcomings of Undines magic. They finally caught up with him, and here
is were things get confused. If my esteemed colleague Undine and Hademar
are correct, my esteemed colleague Vexator teleported himself into the
room where the boy was being held, without even preparing his magical
defenses. This behaviour seems so utterly unlike him the overcautios
Tytalus that I can scarcely belief it. Nonetheless, it seems he held the
enemies at bay until Hademar and my esteemed colleague Undine arrived by
mundane means.

Then there appears to have been a fight, which seems plausible enough in
the face of Hademar's wounds. In this fight, they caught both the
infernal Hedge Wizard and the boy. They were send back to Nummus Prosper
by river, accompanied by Undine and Hademar. I shall not commit the
details of his embarassing near-escape and the loss of a ship to
writing. In the meantime, I had made the acquaintance of the man of the
cloth that the venerable Archmage and Ash leader Philipus Niger had
recommended to us. He seemed to be determined and a bit flexible in his
faith, just like my taste. I have of course forgotten his name, since
while he might be a pleasant character, he is but a mere mortal who
perish like flies, so will likely as not be dead before we meet again.
In any case, we found a rather disturbingly heretic book with the
heathen wizard that had held the Flambeau Filius, and with the aid of
the clergy said out to determine the source of the books.

Seeing as the venerable Archmage and Ash leader Philipus Niger himself
had recommended him, I felt not held back by his presence in the use of
my magic, and found the divine aura to weak to sincerly hamper my power.
With his inventive and very direct methods and a bit of magical aid, we
soon got to the man behind the spread of heretical thoughts among the
worthless, innocent sheep of cologne. Incidentally, it was just when we
had discovered his name that he sought a meeting with my esteemed
colleague Vexator, likely as not to strike some deal for his silence and
the return of the book. He was rather shocked when we all appeared,
Hademar made short work of his henchman, and our clergymen sat down to
have a talk with him. We left him in the good and proper care of the
church, who will surely find a creative way to be rid of the
troublemaker while having some fun doing it. I commend his soul to god.

As I already noted, we returned boy and abductor to the venerable
Archmage and Ash leader Philipus Niger, an encounter the hedge wizard -
who appears to have been, as I recall now, the father of the young
apprentice - did not survive. I shall reflect a bit more on the events
in Cologne and the annoying influence of the divine on spellcasting,
then it is time to return to serious work.

  -
    [Aphanius](Aphanius "wikilink"), Filius Clemens, Filius Stentorius,
    Filius (irgendwann sollten wir mal die Namen hier beschlie√üen,
    Andrew), Filius Tremere of House Tremere
    Princeps of the Covenant of Nummus Prosper
    in the Chapter House of Nummus Prosper located in Waldheim
    in the Summer of the year 1229

[Category:Ars](Category:Ars "wikilink")