I have often thought about effects that might prove very helpful in
certain situations, but that I did not have then. In order to avoid them
slipping my mind, I have taken to write down possible outlines of
formulaic spells. The invention of those will have to be delayed,
though, until I find myself with some spare time.

  - A Story cast in Iron

ReVi 25

R: Touch, D: Sun, T:Individual

The magus touches a subject, sealing him from the influences of faeries.
A Faerie of Might 25 or less, against which this Spell penetrates, is
unable to physically or magically affect the target before the sun next
sets or rises.

(General Effect)

  -
    As I intend to have more dealings with the Fae in the future, this
    spell should prove invaluable. It will also work on my trusted
    shield grog, [Günther](Günther "wikilink"), and anyone else
    accompanying us. I estimate I can develop a version powerful enough
    to ward against most lesser Fae, so I need not worry about their
    nuisance when traversing their domains.

<!-- end list -->

  - Read between the Lines

InVi(Im) 25

R: Voice, D: Mom, T: Individual

The magus inspects a faeries glamour, reading hints that help him
identify the target, like the level of detail the glamour possesses, how
old the body appears, and so on. This information grants a +6 bonus to a
Farie Lore roll made to gain more information about the target, but this
bonus is itself capped by the casters Faerie Lore - a certain amount of
existing knowledge is needed to use the information this spell provides.

(InVi 5, +2 Voice, + 2 additional information, requisite necessary)

  -
    I have often wondered what details could be gleamed from the glamour
    of a Faerie. I think I have an idea how to read it using the Forms
    of Vim and Imaginem, though Experimentation will have to show if
    this works the way I want.

<!-- end list -->

  - Mute Malign Magic

PeVi 25

R:Voice, D:Mom, T:Individual

This spell dispells any effects on the target of Level less than half of
35+stress die (no botch).

(General Effect, +2 Voice)

  -
    A generic effect to dispell hostile magic is never wrong. Weak magic
    (like those of hedgies) can usually be countered by spontaneous
    spells, but stronger magic, like some fae effects, will require a
    formula.

<!-- end list -->

  - Vantage Point

InIm 10

R:Touch, D:Concentration, T:Structure

As long as the magus touches the target and concentrates, he can use his
sense of vision from any point belonging to the structure - i.e.,
touching a large tower, he can spy into a room inside it or look from
its top without climbing it.

(Base 1, +1 Touch, +1 Concentration, +3 Structure)

  -
    I think this effect will be sufficiently easy to accomplish so I
    don't need a to develop a formulaic spell.

<!-- end list -->

  - The Lingering Tale

ReVi 20

R: Voice, D:Moon, T:Individual

This spell prolongs the duration of another spell cast by anyone to
Moon, if the original Spell is of level 10 or lower. Aphanius uses this
spell to prolong spontaneously created effects, which are usually
difficult to cast with prolonged durations. The very long duration given
by this spell is not much of a problem, since a spontaneously created
spell is very easy to cancel with a PeVi Spell due to its low level.

(General Effect, +2 Voice, +3 Moon)

  -
    Usually, it is difficult to create spontaneous spells of any
    duration, yet it would be very good to have them in many unforeseen
    circumstances. This spell should accomplish such, and is therefore
    high priority.

<!-- end list -->

  - Ways of the Gnomes

Mu(Re)Te(He) 20

R: Touch, D:Concentration, T:Individual+1size

This spell allows the magus to pass through any wooden, earthen or stone
obstacle unhindered by causing it to wrap around him, leaving a small
bubble in which he can breathe. He can only move at a quickened pace,
not run, since the spell continously moves earth. The spell requires
concentration to keep going, since the touched target changes
continuosly (needless to say, losing concentration on this spell while
stuck in an obstacle is dangerous to say the least ...).

(Base 3, +1 Touch, +1 Concentration, +1 Size, +1 affect stone, +1 Herbam
Requisite, Rego Requisite free)

  -
    I have often wished for an effect that would lower the impact of
    barriers to travel. Since some of the fae have no problems doing
    this, I think I know how to imitate their powers. It is extremely
    dangerous to lose concentration on this spells, so I think I will
    put it into an item. My talisman, perhaps?

<!-- end list -->

  -
    [Aphanius](Aphanius "wikilink"), Filius Clemens, Filius Stentorius,
    Filius (irgendwann sollten wir mal die Namen hier beschließen,
    Andrew), Filius Tremere of House Tremere
    Princeps of the Covenant of Nummus Prosper
    in the Chapter House of the Covenant of Nummus Prosper located at
    Waldheim
    in the Autumn of the Year 1230

[Category:Ars](Category:Ars "wikilink")