The Rhine island is ours, and we should start making profit from trade
tariffs starting tomorrow.

After securing permission to reside on the island from the Baron - a
mere formality, but the Quaesitores seem to value it - and agreeing upon
the financial part of the rebuilding of the decaying castle, we set out
to remove the last obstacle standing in the way of Nummus Prosper. It is
amusing how easily the baron was swayed to our side once it became clear
that his bastard son was involved in a plot to assassinate his daughter.

We set out at night, with two small boats, from the village on the bank
of the river. Vexator and myself provided the magical muscle, shielded
by Gunther and Hademar. After watching the castle for a small while from
the safe shadows of the copse of trees on the northern end of the
island, we decided on a plan of action. The mages would conceal
themselves using my 'Shroud of Invisibility', and Vexator would levitate
towards the castle and strike the guards down with a spell of the 'Perdo
Corpus' class. As soon as things went wrong, the rest of us would simply
storm the castle through a breach in the wall.

The plan was largely a success, though we should have left a guard on
the docks. Vexator was able to remove two of the guards before his
shadow was discovered. When the alarm was sounded, we stormed the
castle, and quickly made our way up, the enemy standing no chance
against the swords of our fighters and the Pilum of Flame. However, the
useless bastard son had managed to use a rope to escape from his rooms,
and was already in a boat rowing down the river when we noticed him.

Attempts to catch and kill him with bows and spells of 'Rego Corpus' and
'Perdo Corpus' class proved unsuccessfull. I fear that we might hear
again from him, as he obviously had some minor magical powers.

  -
    [Aphanius](Aphanius "wikilink"), Filius Clemens, Filius Stentorius,
    Filius (irgendwann sollten wir mal die Namen hier beschlie√üen,
    Andrew), Filius Tremere of House Tremere
    Princeps of the Covenant of Nummus Prosper
    in the Forest somewhere?
    in the season? of the year 122?

[Category: Ars](Category:_Ars "wikilink")