A rather unpleasant event transpired lately, during the hunt on some
devilish beast linked with Baron Schönfeld's bastard son, who continues
to infest our rightful property on the rhine. As I attempted to
spontaneously dispatch of the creature via an effect of the 'Perdo Vim'
class, something went quite fundamentally wrong.

At first, I noticed only that the spell had failed, and that the magic
resistance of my intended target was probably not responsible. However,
as I started a repeated attempt, I could not help but notice that my
magic did not seem to work. In fact, it seems I suppressed my own Gift.
Thankfully, after some hours things went back to normal, but nonetheless
this is a noteworthy event.

If I can - although accidentally and temporarily - suppress my own
ability to use magic, should that not be a possible intended effect for
a spell, with a hostile target? Can faeries be robbed of their weird
powers without destroying them? That would probably not be against the
code, if argued correctly. Anyhow, it warrants further investigation,
once I find the time.

  -
    [Aphanius](Aphanius "wikilink"), Filius Clemens, Filius Stentorius,
    Filius (irgendwann sollten wir mal die Namen hier beschließen,
    Andrew), Filius Tremere of House Tremere
    Princeps of the Covenant of Nummus Prosper
    in the Forest somewhere?
    in the season? of the year 122?

Well, it happened again. We have by now moved into our rightful property
on the rhine island and started to lay the foundations for our covenant,
Nummus Prosper. However, it seems our predecessor, who unfortunately
managed to evade his untimely but justified death, has left us a
surprise. Some dark beasts reside in a small grotto on the other side of
the island, and they have attacked us.

Lacking an Aegis of the Hearth, we have to defend ourselves with the
means at hand. Last night, one of the things made its way through the
broken wall to the inside of the castle, and created a dark cloud
hindering our grogs. In an attempt to remove the cloud with a
spontaneous spell of the 'Perdo Vim' Class, I seem to have angered Lady
Fortuna once more.

When the spell took effect, I quickly noticed that I had not only failed
to remove the magical darkness, but also destroyed my own ability to
see\! It took about a day for my vision to return to normal. This is
most unfortunate, and I start to really doubt that absolute control ist
the best approach to Vim spells. I should write a treatise on this at
some point.

  -
    Aphanius, Filius Clemens, Filius Stentorius, Filius (irgendwann
    sollten wir mal die Namen hier beschließen, Andrew), Filius Tremere
    of House Tremere
    Princeps of the Covenant of Nummus Prosper
    in the Covenant of Nummus Prosper
    in the season? of the year 122?

This is most embarrassing. We finally have an Aegis of the Hearth - I
developed the spell myself - and should therefore be warded against
intrusions from the outside. However, the unpredictability of magic
struck again, und while casting the Aegis on the Rhine island, a minor
flaw crept into the ritual. It seems that now we are not warded against
outsiders, but against ourselves.

A most unfortunate turn of events. Since I am not residing on the
island, I am not adversely effected, still I feel that I have failed my
responsibility as a Princeps most blatantly. While Undine seems to find
a certain humour in the situation, Vexator is unterstandibly quite
upset, and has taken it upon himself to cast any further Aegis spells on
the island. As his magic seems to be quite structured - curse those
thrice-damned faerie ancestors of mine\! - I will of course agree to
this.

I am also seriously considering options to atone for this embarrassing
mishap. However, my resources are limited, so I can only offer covenant
work for now, which should be a matter of course for a responsible
princeps. I am therefore thinking of moving an amount of my personal Vis
to the covenants stores.

  -
    Aphanius, Filius Clemens, Filius Stentorius, Filius (irgendwann
    sollten wir mal die Namen hier beschließen, Andrew), Filius Tremere
    of House Tremere
    Princeps of the Covenant of Nummus Prosper
    in the Covenant of Nummus Prosper
    in the season? of the year 122?

[Category: Ars](Category:_Ars "wikilink")