The first part of construction work is finished, and the magi of Nummus
Prosper can now finally live in conditions suitable for their status.
The covenant is running smoothly, and with the central tower soon to be
erected by a 'Creo Terram' class spell, I finally find the time to make
some notes on how things work.

I will start with the hermetic positions.

The most important position in the covenant, that of a Princeps, is held
by me. I am still a bit surprised by my good fortune at the last
tribunal: While I would not have opposed the founding of a chapter
house, the strict rejection of the idea by my esteemed colleague
[Vexator](Vexator "wikilink") not only gave me a reason to justify the
founding of an independent covenant before my Tremere superiours, but
also the leverage to press for a charter of my liking and the position
of Princeps - though it seems that my esteemed colleague Vexator and I
are of more or less the same oppinion about running a covenant.

I did not yet have much work to do in my role as princeps, as things are
only slowly settling into place. No major threat has occured yet, and
the few difficulties we faced were easily overcome by a joint effort. I
am looking forward to the next tribunal meeting, where we will no longer
be running around trying to please everyone, but represent an
independent covenant.

My esteemed colleague Vexator has taken upon himself the position of
Librarian, and seems to be doing a good job of it. The unnatural urge
for conflict, which seems to be the defining trait of Tytali magi, has
not interfered with our aquistion of books so far. Though sometimes
tiring, I consider the fact that most Tytali - and my esteemed colleague
Vexator certainly included - are quite capable of standing and fending
for themselves a fair trade for their confrontation-happy nature. He
would have made a good defender too, I guess.

The position of Defender is, unfortunately, not occupied at the moment.
We have only two more magi in the covenant, and since the charter
forbids occupying more than one hermetic position, it seems that one of
my esteemed colleagues [Undine](Undine "wikilink") or
[Relentus](Relentus "wikilink") will have to take up that position.
While Undine seems to have a way with the lowly mortals, I doubt that
her cheerfull and soft nature makes for a good Defender. Relentus on the
other hand seems to be very concentrated on his lab work - as most of
the Verditius magi - and I do not want a Defender wo does not recognize
the importance of his position. I hope this can be resolved in the
future, as I fear we might need a Defender sooner than we would like,
given the history of the Rhine Gorge.

Thus are the hermetic positions of the covenant. I will now follow up
with the mundane positions, of which we have two.

Albrecht, the gifted treasurer that has accompanied me from Fengheld,
has been appointed to the position of Autocrator, overseeing all the
non-martial mundane matters of the covenant. His reports are somewhat
less structured than could be expected, but the calculations seem to be
right, and his administrative talent is no doubt a great contribution to
the increasing mundane wealth of our covenant. He has recently taken on
an apprentice, the young physician Heinrich of Cologne, and started
training him in the art of stewardship.

Hademar, a man from the Alps Tribunal, has been appointed to the
position of Guard captain, overseeing all the martial mundane matters of
the covenant. He is truly a legendary fighter, even surpassing my shield
grog, Gunther, in fighting prowess. Unlike Gunther, though, he seems to
have a bit more of intellect, and a good grip on the grogs. He has been
essential in securing our tariffs, and is a valuable companion for more
dangerous travels. I consider it a true blessing that he has found his
way here.

Given the good job most of our covenant officials are doing, it should
be expected that our covenant is doing well - which it is. It is also
understandable that I am quite hesitant about appointing someone
Defender whom I do not entrust with the powerful position.

At my explicit request, we have reserved the right of the Princeps to
call upon members of the covenant to take up the position of delegate,
either to the Fay, the church, or the nobility.

I will in due time appoint myself as the fairy delegate, of course,
since this was part of the whole idea of delegate and will be a perfect
way to combine my research with working towards the good of the
covenant. Note: As of late, with [the arrival of Count Nassau's
Sohn](Notes_on_the_measures_taken_against_the_disturbance_of_the_fairy_forest_by_the_settlement_attempt_made_by_the_nephew_of_the_count_of_Nassau "wikilink"),
this is more pressing, and I shall declare my own appointment at the
next Winter Solace.

As my esteemed colleague Undine seems to have a way with mortals, I am
considering appointing her the nobility delegate, should the need arise.
Her physical beauty should be a boon to such a position, as mundanes
usually easily fall for that. Note: Again, with the founding of Hömberg
and the actions we have to take against it, this is more pressing. I
shall write Undine and ask her if she would accept her appointment. We
need to stay on good terms with the nobles that, according to their own
useless laws, own the land we live on.

The church delegate is, luckily, not necessary at this time, so I have
no plans right now for a future appointment - though if the need arises,
I shall probably appoint either myself, due to my experiences with the
church, or Undine, especially if she does a good job keeping the nobles
happy.

Lastly, our charter requires the incubents of official positions to name
a deputy, something we have not yet done. I am assuming that Albrecht
will name his apprentice, Heinrich, as his deputy. As to myself, the
choice is a bit more difficult.

My esteemed colleague Vexator is already holding an official position,
and would have to lay down his own one if he would have to take up his
duties as a deputy. Naming him would not really be compatible to the
whole idea of deputies, and as much as I value his contributions to the
covenant so far, I am a bit hesitant to appoint a Tytalus to such a
powerful postions, given their conflict-seeking nature. So that option
is off the table.

My esteemed colleague Undine is, I think, simply not made for the job,
lacking the decisiveness and emotional detachment required, while my
esteemed colleague Relentus can, I guess, simply not be bothered. Still,
Relentus is the best candidate right now, simply by the merit of being
the lesser evil. Note: As of late, Relentus seems to show a bit more
interest in a smoothly running covenant, so I think he is the most
natural candidate for now. Should the question of Deputies come up, I
will appoint him.

  -
    [Aphanius](Aphanius "wikilink"), Filius Clemens, Filius Stentorius,
    Filius (irgendwann sollten wir mal die Namen hier beschließen,
    Andrew), Filius Tremere of House Tremere
    Princeps of the Covenant of Nummus Prosper
    in the Covenant of Nummus Prosper
    in the Winter of the year 1223

[Category: Ars](Category:_Ars "wikilink")