Events have transpired that lead me to seriously doubt the capability of
the Gauntlet of House Bjornaer to judge if an apprentice is ready to
become a magus. We had a visitor, a certain Bjornaer magus. He was not
very pleasant company, acting like our money was his to spend, but that
is not what upset me. He stayed for a couple days, seeming to find good
company with our other guest, the Magus Ex Miscellanea. Then, he simply
left without saying a word. We did not really care - nothing bound him
here, we thought he had just moved on.

A while later, though, he returned to the covenant to request absurd
sums to construct some buildings, and was oddly unspecific about the
whereabouts of his construction site. Being good sodales who honour the
traditions of our tribunal, we provided him with some men and a
reasonable amount of resources. Vexator volunteered to not follow him
(since this would be a breach of the code), but he could not help
stumbling upon the site in a routine inspection of the lands our
covenant claims. Naturally, we were anything but happy to find him
building on our land. So we set out to confront him.

It turned into quite a confrontation indeed. The fool even drew his
absurdely long sword, repeatedly stating that it is not meant to
compensate for anything, and waving about in the vain hope to intimidate
us. He claimed we would be infringing on his property, yet there was no
Sanctum Sigil to be seen and the land was ours by the code. The only
reason we did not immediately enter the cave was to avoid bloodshed and
maybe find a better solution. Or more incriminating evidence, should
someone mourn the death of the fool.

Incrimaniting evidence was indeed not hard to find, since the magus had
shown the sublety so stereotypical for his house in his pursuits of
whatever lay inside the hill. Undine uncovered hints that he had killed
the previous lord of the village, usurped a title as their new lord and
abducted a local noble daughter. A spell of the Intellego Vim class,
cast upon the ruins of the former lord's house, revealed traces of
powerful Creo Auram magics. Even worse, there were signs of a failing
harvest, with plants dying. In an ad-hoc council meeting, we decided to
enter the cave, by force if necessary. Something was amiss, and the
actions of that foolish bjornaer constituted more than just interfering
with mundanes - a breach of the peripheral code the rhine gorge has a
history with.

Force was indeed necessary. The fool blocked our way, attacking Vexator,
who had not passed up a single opportunity to antagonize him. His parma
proved surprisingly effective, though, and using the strange
shapechanging of the Bjornaer, he was able to escape from our spells in
bird form, our Sodalis Ex Miscellanea on his tail. Meanwhile, my
esteemed colleague Vexator and myself entered the cave, disposing of his
minion with a Pilum of Flame spell. What we found confirmed our worst
suspicions: rats. It seemed he had stumbled upon an infernal place
somehow connected to the infection we cleared out just a short while
ago. While Undine used her Aquam magics to clear out the rat holes, our
Sodalis Ex Miscellanea finally brought down the Bjornaer, pinning him to
the ground.

The wounds of the foolish mage were quite serious, yet first there was a
more pressing matter: It seemed he had been tempted to create the whole
mess by a daemon. Using magics of the Perdo Vim class, I was able to at
least chase it away, though some trace remained. We have bound the
Bjornaer's wounds (and him), and are currently preparing to depart for
Durenmar, where we will hand him over to the honourable Archmagus
Philipus Niger. I have no doubt that will be his end should there be any
trace of the infernal left. In the meanwhile, we will have to
investigate if there are further ploys of the rat daemon in the vicinity
of Nummus Prosper.

  -
    [Aphanius](Aphanius "wikilink"), Filius Clemens, Filius Stentorius,
    Filius (irgendwann sollten wir mal die Namen hier beschlie√üen,
    Andrew), Filius Tremere of House Tremere
    Princeps of the Covenant of Nummus Prosper
    in the Covenant of Nummus Prosper on Pfalz Island
    in the Summer of the year 1232

[Category: Ars](Category:_Ars "wikilink")