It is unbelievable, and the fact that it is happening right in the
center of Hermetic Tradition in the Rhine Tribunal only adds to the
madness that is the events of the last days.

I am not yet a full magus, but soon shall be, although I have little
hope of besting my beloved parens Clemens in the fine art of Certamen
and outright winning my sigil. Considering this, it is amazing that I
and a colleague, Friedrich of Schwaben, soon to be accepted into the
House Tytalus, were sent out to look for a magus gone missing during a
hunt in the forest surrounding the covenant. Still more amazing seems to
be the utter and complete unawareness of most of the grogs and magi
belonging to Durenmar of the fact that a magus, a member of the Order of
Hermes, has gone missing in a faerie forest falling within their domain.
I would dare to say many simply don't seem concerned.

Of course we were able to retrieve the missing person - from a fairy
village, as suspected - but we required the help of the great Flambeau
Philipus Niger, head of the Ash guild. That he had to be bothered is an
unexcusable faux pas, yet we were mere apprentices and almost
overwhelmed by the number of fairies attacking us. What should have
happened is a defender of the covenant - do they even have that here? -
or, failing that, the princeps itself, organizing a rescue party made of
trustworthy grogs and then judging if personal involvement of a magus is
required, as it turned out to be.

However, most of the magi here seem to be so taken by their studies that
they probably would not even realize if the entire Army of the Holy
Roman Emperor would pass by and consume the guards of their covenant in
a three days orgy. Even worse, should one of the guards escape such a
theoretical feast, it seems he would not bother to tell anyone, as the
magi 'do not want to be disturbed in their research'. If anyone of these
lowly humans would have been working at Fengheld, they would probably
have been executed for incompetence. Yet the biggest covenant of the
Tribunal does not seem to bother with organising their defenses, grogs,
or just about anything. They do charge a fee of one pawn of Vis for
attendance, though.

I will never tolerate such negligence in a covenant I am part of, and
fully understand Archmage Stentorius' concerns and ideas to move the
Tribunal elsewhere every second meeting.

  -
    [Bertram](Aphanius "wikilink")
    Apprentice to Master Clemens, Filius Stentorius, Filius (...),
    Filius Tremere of House Tremere
    in the covenant of Durenmar
    during the tribunal meeting in the year 1221

[Category: Ars](Category:_Ars "wikilink")