This is a rather unfortunate turn of events, and in the end we shall be
lucky if we can walk away without a dent in the foreign relations of our
covenant.

Apparently, the count of Nassau, upon whom's land the humble building
containing my laboratory is erected - albeit, probably, without his
knowledge - has seen fit to grant his nephew the right of founding a
[new settlement](Hömberg "wikilink") inside the unclaimed Westerwald.
This came to our attention due to the apprehension of the sole hunter in
the shabby village surrounding my home by said nephew's men. The
accusation, as we soon discovered, is 'conspiring with the local
wildlife against the village', or some such nonsense. I volunteered to
escort the prisoner to the count, and was able to convince the Count's
nephew to let me take him. Of course, I set him free, and notified my
esteemed colleagues in the covenant by a cleverly disguised letter. I
then proceeded to the count, where I tried to get some information about
said nephew and a [strange knight](Victor "wikilink") accompanying him.
The knight was utterly unknown to the count, which confirmed my
suspicions about him.

Our investigations were complicated by the harsh weather and the effect
my esteemed colleague Relentus has on the lowly mundanes, but we quickly
established that the village was plagued by wolves which had killed
several villagers - a claim hotly disputed by members of the local Fay.
Further investigations, especially some information gained by the
spontaneous use of Intellego Vim magic by my humble self, nurtured our
suspicion that lycanthropic creatures were involved. It did not take
long for us to track one of them down and confirm these suspicions.

In the meantime, our main suspect turned out to be a [member of the
order](Victor "wikilink"), a Mercere even, who had, on his way to
deliver some news to us, stopped to help with the problems the village
was facing. I can only hope that his severly misplaced bravado and naive
approach will not cost him dearly one day, as he turned out to be a
quite pleasant and helpful fellow.

Nonetheless, the problem of the village was, or is, not so much the
problem faced by the villagers in the form of threat of consumption by
the local wildlife, but rather the fact that the [local fairy
court](Court_of_Bright_Winter "wikilink") considers this an intrusion
and has - quite blatantly, as seems to be their way - stated that they
want us to deal with this, provided we want to stay in their good
graces. It is therefore the question which measures are to be taken. I
do not oppose the wholesale slaughter of the village, however I fear
that Undine's more gentle nature would be deeply disturbed by such a
deed, and no magus should suffer for problems created by mere mortals.
However, something needs to be done, and soon, as we want to return to
our studies. Vexator Silvanum has found evidence that it is wiser to
take actions and justify it afterwards, than to ask for permission and
be denied. Our plan is now to ambush and kill the count's nephew outside
the village, and then persuade the remaining peasants of the futility of
their effort. As soon as the settlement is abandoned, the faeries can
grow a new forest in its place in the span of a mere day, thereby
concealing any trace of its former existence.

The only problem remaining right now is the church that has already been
consecrated. Vexator is of the opinion that any destruction or
desecration of the church not carried out by a catholic priest will
invariably draw the attention of some kind of demon. However, we can not
tolerate the existence of a dominion aura, however small, so close to
our covenant. We shall see how this conflict can finally be resolved.

  -
    [Aphanius](Aphanius "wikilink"), Filius Clemens, Filius Stentorius,
    Filius (irgendwann sollten wir mal die Namen hier beschließen,
    Andrew), Filius Tremere of House Tremere
    Princeps of the Covenant of Nummus Prosper
    in the Chapter House of Nummus Prosper located in Waldheim
    in the Winter of the year 1226

[Category: Ars](Category:_Ars "wikilink")