I have decided where to erect my laboratory, and am now supervising the
construction of the building. I went for a defensive structure, should
the relations with the [local fairy
court](Court_of_Bright_Winter "wikilink") go sour.

The place of my choosing is a small hamlet about half a day's worth of
travel from nearest civilisation, in the forest of Westerwald. It
consists of a handful of shabby huts housing about a dozen people. The
locals seem to survive on hunting, growing a few vegetables in the
village - and herding animals that strangely do not seem to need a
fence. Initial investigations using spells of the 'Intellego Vim' class
were not successfull, but I shall surely resume my attempts on a later
date.

The choice was a difficult one to make. One one hand, I am very close to
a fairy court, so my research should be easier to carry out. At least
one of the local villagers even seems to have a kind of connection to
the Fay, a matter that I will investigate at some future point. I will
try to get the confidence of said court, as far as this is possible, to
ease my future research. I do not, however, expect results before the
next tribunal meeting. The matter is a delicate one, given the nature of
Fay, and I will not spoil things with ill-advised haste.

There is also a Vim Vis source here, at the base of a mysterious tree
which I suspect to be a central part of the local aura. I have decided
to construct my lab around it, in the hope that it will further my
research. The tree resisted initial investigation, but I will certainly
resume it at a later point.

A disadvantage is the physical distance to the covenant itself, which
does not help with my duties as Princeps. Though we agreed to install a
magic door permitting instant travel between the covenant and the grog
building located near the village, my esteemed colleague
[Relentus](Relentus "wikilink") has told me that it will be some time
before this might actually happen, since it requires a level of skill
(and an amount of Vis) that currently is not present in the covenant.
Until then, we shall have to rely on mundane means of communication and
travel - except for my esteemed colleague [Vexator](Vexator "wikilink"),
who has a 'Rego Corpus' Class spell for the purpose of moving greater
distances - a fact that I quite regret.

This means that there will be at least a day between an event
transpiring on the [Pfalz Island](Pfalz_Island "wikilink") and my
arrival, after notification. As I am not aware that we have yet declared
a 'Defender of the Covenant', I will definitely have to ask a magus on
the island to take up that post. However, my esteemed colleague Vexator
is already charged with the burden of Librarian, and though he took it
voluntarily, I do not think that it would be in the spirit of our
covenant if he took up an additional duty. The only remaining member of
the Order on the island is my esteemed colleague
[Undine](Undine "wikilink"), but I do not yet know her enough to trust
her with such a position. I hope that she will prove worthy, so this
problem can be taken care of.

  -
    [Aphanius](Aphanius "wikilink"), Filius Clemens, Filius Stentorius,
    Filius (irgendwann sollten wir mal die Namen hier beschlie√üen,
    Andrew), Filius Tremere of House Tremere
    Princeps of the Covenant of Nummus Prosper
    in the Covenant of Nummus Prosper
    in the Sping of the year 1223

[Category: Ars](Category:_Ars "wikilink")