Initial observations have uncovered at least three more organized courts
of fae in the vicinity of Nummus Prosper.

The [Court of Bright Winter](Court_of_Bright_Winter "wikilink") claims
the Forest in which Waldheim, our chapter house containing my
laboratory, is situated. It is apparently lead by the "Maid of Frozen
Dew", a Fae appearing as a beautiful young women contained in a cave
sealed off by solid ice. Obvious defenses of the court include faerie
bears. Admittance requires the passing of a test, which has not proven
to be a problem. They appear to be quite set on their claim of this
forest, mentioning that I reside here on their grace. They insist on a
removal of Hömberg. I have decided to play along with their fancies for
the time being, striking when the moment is opportune.

The [Court of Dark Summer](Court_of_Dark_Summer "wikilink") is very much
the opposing court, a traditional arrangement based on contrasting
seasons. It has two major faeries, a dark crone and a beautiful woman.
Together with the maid of frozen dew, that completes the traditional set
of maid, mother and crone, leaving little space for other seasonal
courts. I therefore conclude that with high probability there is no
Autumn or Spring court. The Fae of this court are rude and darker than
the winter court, another typical faerie contrast. They might have some
link to the Schönburg familiy, but I did not yet have time to
investigate this.

Thirdly, a number of Fae are connected to the annual wine festival in
the village upwards of Kaub, our Muto Vis source. They seem to draw
vitality from the celebrations. We have not yet established how exactly
this works - more wine has not resulted in more vis, though more women
for more celebration did. Little is known about these Fae. I would have
initially suspected they belong to the Autumn court, but I do not
currently believe such a court exists. I shall try to find out more at
future festivals, though I have to proceed with caution so as not to
endanger our Vis source.

  -
    [Aphanius](Aphanius "wikilink"), Filius Clemens, Filius Stentorius,
    Filius (irgendwann sollten wir mal die Namen hier beschließen,
    Andrew), Filius Tremere of House Tremere
    Princeps of the Covenant of Nummus Prosper
    in the Chapter House of the Covenant of Nummus Prosper located at
    Waldheim
    in the Summer of the year 1226

I have met the wild hunt. The encounter was neither entirely pleasant
nor very successful from my perspective. They are headed by a dark
figure clad in black armor, wielding an icy blade. They were out to
destroy Hömberg. I stopped them, though how I do not entirely know.

I challenged them to a duel, hoping to face one of the riders whom I was
confident I could best. I faced their leader. It was rather short, and
the first thing I remember after being hit by his icy blade is waking up
in the church. Nevertheless, the attack has been mostly a good thing:
The villagers are more convinced to leave then ever, and they don't seem
keen on returning. I was able to analyze the behaviour of what certainly
is a powerful force amongst the local fae, and prove that I will not bow
before them.

I have a scar from the magic of the hunt that might prove very useful: I
am no longer disturbed by cold, nor does snow seem to melt on my skin. I
have not yet established how this relates to the blade that struck me.

Nevertheless, I have added them to my grimoire of local faeries. They
seem to know of the court of Bright Winter, possibly they are even at
the command of the lady. If that is the case, I shall be twice as
careful in my future dealings with the court.

Oh, and Huntsman. We have not met the last time.

  -
    [Aphanius](Aphanius "wikilink"), Filius Clemens, Filius Stentorius,
    Filius (irgendwann sollten wir mal die Namen hier beschließen,
    Andrew), Filius Tremere of House Tremere
    Princeps of the Covenant of Nummus Prosper
    in the Chapter House of the Covenant of Nummus Prosper located at
    Waldheim
    in the Winter of the Year 1227

[Category:Ars](Category:Ars "wikilink")