This time, I have certainly witnessed the events, and can create a full
and true account.

While my esteemed colleague, [Vexator](Vexator "wikilink") Silvanum,
still disputes my suspicions that his catatonic state after our first
visit to the [Orgy on the Rhine island](Wine_Festival "wikilink") was
due to his consumation of Muto Vis in the form of Wine during the
festival, it is beyond doubt that the recent [werewolf
plague](Notes_on_the_measures_taken_against_the_disturbance_of_the_fairy_forest_by_the_settlement_attempt_made_by_the_nephew_of_the_count_of_Nassau "wikilink")
in the newly founded [village](Hömberg "wikilink") close to my humble
laboratory is due to the consumption of Animal Vis by some of the lowly
humans inhabiting said dwelling.

We found that a tree, specified by members of the [local fairy
court](Court_of_Bright_Winter "wikilink") to be a 'warding tree',
growing Animal Vis, was responsible for the transformation of the
lycanthropes. More specifically, the tree grew unusually large fruits,
which contained the vis. Said members of the local Fay have claimed that
this is some sort of self-defense mechanism by the forest, a response to
the recent clearing of trees around the settlement. If so, it is
certainly most noteworthy that such mechanisms exist and can be
observed, as I also am some sort of intruder in this forest.

Still, I had not previously known that the mere consumption of Vis can
transform you into a mindless beast. I am starting to guess that my
esteemed colleague was somewhat lucky.

It occurs to me only now that some of the herbs that we found in the
[village elder](Ludold "wikilink")'s hut were Vis. They have of course
been safely removed, but I wonder if not the strange alignment of the
[local hunter](Torven "wikilink") with the
[Fay](Court_of_Bright_Winter "wikilink") might be the cause of treatment
with such plants. This might warrant further investigation.

  -
    Aphanius, Filius Clemens, Filius Stentorius, Filius (irgendwann
    sollten wir mal die Namen hier beschließen, Andrew), Filius Tremere
    of House Tremere
    Princeps of the Covenant of Nummus Prosper
    in the Chapter House of Nummus Prosper located in Waldheim
    in the Winter of the year 1226

[Category: Ars](Category:_Ars "wikilink")