During my work, a quite interesting effect has transpired. I invented
the spell 'Communion with the Forest' to aid in my investigations of the
local fairy court, as well as in the search for Vis in the forest
surrounding my humble laboratory building. During the first applications
of this spell, nothing noteworthy seemed to happen. However, lately, as
we were hunting for a werewolf creature close to a [nearby
village](Hömberg "wikilink"), I caught a whiff of a strange odour in
the air. Following the direction, I found a tree - but not just a
regular tree\! As my magically attuned senses quickly confirmed, the
fruits of the tree were pure Vis. Sadly, it was of the rather useless
animal form, but still it seems that my spell has more than the desired
effect.

I suspect this incident - pleasant as it is - is due to the Vis Source
present in my lab exerting some kind of influence on the design of the
spell. This troubles me somewhat. Provided this influence occurs on a
regular basis, how can I be sure that the spells will always have a
benificial extra effect? Can I be sure that, for example, my most recent
invention, the quite brilliant 'Feel the Unseen' (I should work on the
name some more), does exactly what I want it to do - extend one's sense
of touch to the room one resides in, that is - without painting pictures
of the pope on the outside walls of the room? As I plan to create a
number of further spells in my quest to settle the problem with the Fey
once and for all, I should definitely spend further research on this
particular phenomenon. The great library might have a book on that, and
the tribunal will be soon, anyhow.

  -
    Aphanius, Filius Clemens, Filius Stentorius, Filius (irgendwann
    sollten wir mal die Namen hier beschließen, Andrew), Filius Tremere
    of House Tremere
    Princeps of the Covenant of Nummus Prosper
    in the Chapter House of Nummus Prosper located in Waldheim
    in the Winter of the year 1226

[Category:Ars](Category:Ars "wikilink")