I passed my gauntlet last night, and finally am a full member of the
Order of Hermes. Though I am certainly going to miss my esteemed
colleague Master Clemens, my parens, after leaving
[Fengheld](Fengheld "wikilink"), I nonetheless look forward to the
future. With my initiaion to the order soon to be officially carried out
at the Tribunal meeting in Durenmar, I will be able to start on the work
I have set out for my life. It is not a small thing, but I am sure that
I will be able to at least make a significant contribution towards a
final solution to the fairie problem.

I am going to arrive in Durenmar a few weeks earlier than the Tribunal
meeting, to complete my gild training. I was delighted to hear that my
Tutor will be no one else but the famous Archmage Philipus Niger of
Flambeau. It is an extreme honour to be taught by one of the greatest
Magi of the Tribunal, and I do not hesitate to admit that he is one of
my personal idols due to his ways of dealing with the Fay.

The Ash guild is mainly concerned with seeing magi returned to the
status that is rightfully theirs. As we are, figurally speaking, gods
among flies, it is quite antagonizing to realise that the flies seem to
be those in control, and our own laws forbid us from correcting this.
The hermetic magi have taken the utterly wrong approach of hiding out
from mundanes, for fear of - whatever. I do not understand how the
mundanes should be able to oppose a concerted effort of hermetic magi in
any way. They are so easily brought to one's own side, dominated, or
simply disposed of, that they should be happy for the leadership of
responsible magi. Yet the founders of the order seem to have believed
that some corrupted clergy, kings, and the likes of them make for more
suitable leaders.

I sincerely hope that, whereever I will find myself in a year, I will be
able to help the Ash guild enforce its policy. My own research is
dedicated to it, though not in correspondence to the mundane, but to the
Fay - for personal reasons, if nothing else.

  -
    [Aphanius](Aphanius "wikilink"), Filius Clemens, Filius Stentorius,
    Filius (irgendwann sollten wir mal die Namen hier beschlie√üen,
    Andrew), Filius Tremere of House Tremere
    Journeyman
    in the Covenant of Fengheld
    in the Summer of the year 122?

[Category: Ars](Category:_Ars "wikilink")