#### Day 0: Starting to build the lab

The building housing my future Laboratory has finally been completed. It
took quite some time, but the resulting pentagonal edifice was well
worth the wait. I will start moving into the Lab tomorrow, expecting the
basic furnishing to be finished within the year. The tree fits very
nicely, and having a source of Vim Vis in the Laboratory should be
helpful in my studies.

We have convinced [Relentus](Relentus "wikilink") to build a number of
magical lamps as covenant work. Therefore, illumination of the lab will
be very good. I have heard [Vexator](Vexator "wikilink") talk about a
so-called "Bookstand of Hespera" several times. Perhaps I should also
get one, if it turns out I will be working a lot with texts.

The Lab will be quite big, so I hope to refine it as soon as possible.
That should also free space for a number of faerie creatures I intend to
employ as helpers and experimentation objects.

I have decided to set up my living quarters in the lab for the first
decade or so, leaving the room on the first floor unoccupied. This will
allow me to see my early projects through easier. I plan on relocating
upstairs in the future, using the space made available for other
purposes.

  -
    [Aphanius](Aphanius "wikilink"), Filius Clemens, Filius Stentorius,
    Filius (irgendwann sollten wir mal die Namen hier beschließen,
    Andrew), Filius Tremere of House Tremere
    Princeps of the Covenant of Nummus Prosper
    in the Chapter House of the Covenant of Nummus Prosper located at
    Waldheim
    in the Winter of the year 1222

#### First Season: Invention of Aegis of the Heart

I have successfully finished my first laboratory project, the
development of an Aegis spell. While work went smoothly, the laboratory
is far from finished, as I have to rearrange things to include the tree
with its Vis Source more prominently. The spell seems to work very well,
though a calamity happened upon the first casting. I took some
[notes](Notes_on_the_adverse_effect_of_Vim_spells_gone_awry "wikilink")
on that.

I will spent the next seasons finishing the laboratory outfittings to a
state where I deem them appropriate. That should help with future work,
which will not always be as simple as this Aegis spell.

  -
    [Aphanius](Aphanius "wikilink"), Filius Clemens, Filius Stentorius,
    Filius (irgendwann sollten wir mal die Namen hier beschließen,
    Andrew), Filius Tremere of House Tremere
    Princeps of the Covenant of Nummus Prosper
    in the Chapter House of the Covenant of Nummus Prosper located at
    Waldheim
    in the Autumn of the year 1222

#### Second Season: Invention of Communion with the Forest

My second project is finished, the invention of a spell titled
"communion with the forest". However, a strange incidence has transpired
during the procedure. I have written a [set of
notes](Notes_on_the_effects_of_a_Vis_Source_present_during_spell_invention "wikilink")
on this.

Nonetheless, I have to note that everything appears to be working fine.
The laboratory is not quite finished - I plan on taking a number of
semi-intelligent fae in as specimen and helpers - but it is a pleasant
place to work already.

  -
    [Aphanius](Aphanius "wikilink"), Filius Clemens, Filius Stentorius,
    Filius (irgendwann sollten wir mal die Namen hier beschließen,
    Andrew), Filius Tremere of House Tremere
    Princeps of the Covenant of Nummus Prosper
    in the Chapter House of the Covenant of Nummus Prosper located at
    Waldheim
    in the Winter of the year 1225

#### Third Season: Vis Extraction

I have again had need of my laboratory, and shall have even more in the
future. Extracting Vis works fine, though I needed to do some extra
hours to get the amount I was aiming for. I found out, though, that the
organisation of my equipment is somewhat suboptimal. While I noticed a
few minutes in advance a possible calamity due to the arrangement, the
danger is only averted for a while, and I should do something about it.
I haven't figured out what exactly to rearrange to improve the safety,
but I will pay particular attention during whatever activity I shall
perform next.

  -
    [Aphanius](Aphanius "wikilink"), Filius Clemens, Filius Stentorius,
    Filius (irgendwann sollten wir mal die Namen hier beschließen,
    Andrew), Filius Tremere of House Tremere
    Princeps of the Covenant of Nummus Prosper
    in the Chapter House of the Covenant of Nummus Prosper located at
    Waldheim
    in the Summer of the year 1226

#### Fourth Season: Fixing Arcane Connection

My [recent
exploits](Aphanius_visits_the_Court_of_Bright_Winter "wikilink") have
met with success, and I am now in possession of an Arcane Connection to
none less than the ruler of the local faerie court. This will not only
prove invaluable in research that likeley lies decades in the future,
but also provides a certain safety to [Waldheim](Waldheim "wikilink")
should the Lady decide to withdraw her approval of our presence.

I immediately undertook to fixate the connection in my Laboratory, a
demeaning task, but since a lock of hair will not last long it has to be
undertaken now, lest my effort was in vain. I paid more attention to the
arrangement of my equipment during this task, and I think I have come
upon the reason for the near-failure of my past efforts. It will not be
simple to mend this deficiency, but I think with some rearrengement and
the inclusion of smaller servant creatures that can undertake mean tasks
such as carrying phials and the like, it will be possible to lessen or
even compensate for the sheer size of the lab, which is at the heart of
the problem.

  -
    [Aphanius](Aphanius "wikilink"), Filius Clemens, Filius Stentorius,
    Filius (irgendwann sollten wir mal die Namen hier beschließen,
    Andrew), Filius Tremere of House Tremere
    Princeps of the Covenant of Nummus Prosper
    in the Chapter House of the Covenant of Nummus Prosper located at
    Waldheim
    in the Winter of the year 1227

#### Installing a Lesser Horde

(after [Aphanius visits the Court of Dark
Summer](Aphanius_visits_the_Court_of_Dark_Summer "wikilink"))

  -
    [Aphanius](Aphanius "wikilink"), Filius Clemens, Filius Stentorius,
    Filius (irgendwann sollten wir mal die Namen hier beschließen,
    Andrew), Filius Tremere of House Tremere
    Princeps of the Covenant of Nummus Prosper
    in the Chapter House of the Covenant of Nummus Prosper located at
    Waldheim
    in the Autumn of the year 1228

#### Fifth Season: Creating the Helmet of the Hunter of Hermes

I have been thinking, and as expected have come upon a brilliant result.

Primo, I shall state the circumstances: In the Westerwald, there is a
certain amount of Vis available for harvest to whoever stumbles upon it.
Our agreement with [Turris Glorium](Turris_Glorium "wikilink") states
that the hunting ground is fair and free for both of us. This Vis is not
appearing in the same spots, but seems to be the result of spontaneous
manifestations. Nonetheless, it is in the forest when it should be in
our Covenant stores.

Secoundo, I shall state the problem: Harvesting this Vis is a
time-consuming effort. It can not be expected for a fullfledged magus -
except, perhaps, for those of Ex Misc or similarly inferior and ill-bred
houses - to spend valuable seasons scouring the undergrowth for Vis, as
the Westerwald is large and therefore the expected seasonal yield is far
below acceptable. Further complicating the issue is the matter of
finding and identifying the Vis: If ones main purpose is to gather as
much as possible, it is a simple logical consequence that the highest
standards of perception should be applied, id est, magic. But casting
spells repeatedly in a faerie or magic aura carries an inert danger, and
an item will warp its weilder, again barring any sensible magus from
such an undertaking.

Tertio, I shall state the solution: I have made plans for an item that
transfers a vision of Vis to its weilder, and have already acquired a
skilled hunter for service in [Waldheim](Waldheim "wikilink"). Two years
have passed and he has proven himself worthy. Of course I am keeping an
Arcane Connection to him, in case he ever decides on some rash course of
action, but I will equip him with a Helmet that allows his Hunts to
include a search for Vis. The Warping will make him useless within a
number of years, but by then he will be to old anyhow, and finding a
suitable replacement is not a problem. Thus I have devised a method to
gather as much of this Vis as a magus could, without any magus having to
submit himself to the time-consuming effort and the dangers it entails.
I am brilliant indeed.

Quarto, the enchantment of the device itself. In this I was aided for
the first time by the lesser fae I have procured from the [Court of Dark
Summer](Court_of_Dark_Summer "wikilink") ... (tbc)

  -
    [Aphanius](Aphanius "wikilink"), Filius Clemens, Filius Stentorius,
    Filius (irgendwann sollten wir mal die Namen hier beschließen,
    Andrew), Filius Tremere of House Tremere
    Princeps of the Covenant of Nummus Prosper
    in the Chapter House of the Covenant of Nummus Prosper located at
    Waldheim
    in the Winter of the year 1229

#### Lab Statistics

*Virtues:* Auspicious Shape, Spacious, Dedicated Building, Lesser
Feature:Tree, Idyllic Sorroundings, Living Quarters, Vis Source (Vim),
Magical Superiour Lighting, Superiour Equipment, Guard, Lesser Horde

*Flaws:* Missing Equipment (Familiar, Longevity)

*Size*: +3 *Refinement:* 1

*Lab Routine:* Nocturnal

*Base Stats:* General Quality +5, Upkeep+3, Safety -0, Warping +1,
Health-1, Aesthetics+6

*Specialisations:* Creo+2, Vim+3, Rego+1, Imaginem+1, Ignem+1 Texts+1,
Vis Extraction+1

[Category: Ars](Category:_Ars "wikilink")