Prompted by our recent visit to Cologne, I have used the wasted season
to commit some thoughts on Magi and the Divine to paper. I hope to be
able to turn them into a Tractatus once, though they might have to be
carefully checked for heresy, since the path of theology is a
treacherous one rivaling the steepest mountain trails, where a single
wrong step can see you plunging into the abyss.

It was, as the clergy teaches, His will that humanity rule the earth,
and that they be partitioned in three: Those who toil, those who pray
and those who fight.

Those who toil have the easiest lot in life, though it seems most of
them do not realise this. Little is required of them then fulfilling the
duty detailed by their lords, and following the prayer of the church.
Little responsibilty rests on their shoulders, and it is thus no wonder
that many of them display an astonishing lack of intelligence or
independent thought: It is something that seems to be rather detrimental
than helpful to their existence. Still their work is required so the
other, more important parts of society can continue to functions.

Those who fight are indespensable and necessary in such a clear way that
I will not lose words on them. Suffice to say that they carry the burden
of caring for their people, defending the will of the Lord and speaking
law in His name.

Then there are those most blessed by Him, those who have the privilege
of doing His work directly: Those who pray. Yet while to the simple man
the life of the clergy might seem an easy one, the opposite is true:
They carry responsibilty for the souls of their flock, a burden that can
hardly be understood by outsiders, since what are the discomforts of
life compared to the souls fate in all eternity?

Yet not all men abide by His will, and thus there are those who do not
belong to any of the three. It might be a compelling thought to discard
them as heathens and heretics, lost souls who willingly ignore His word
and thereby condemn themselves. And it is true that those who do not
abide by divine order treat a path more treacherous than any others. Yet
humanity is imperfect, stained by original sin and cast in a world of
doubt, that only the faithful might prevail in His eyes and be, upon
being cleansed in divine fire, accepted back in His loving arms. So who
are those that do not belong in His order?

It is true that there are those who defy Him, who claim to know better
than our Lord or simply do not care about their souls: The heathens and
heretics. They are lost, their fates sealed by their stubborn ignorance,
their only way to salvation offered by the solemn effort of those who
pray. However, there are also those whose life is necessated by the
imperfections of human society: Merchants, Mercenaries, and the like -
and also, last but not least, Magi. For is not all creation His work?
The Merchant who charges fair prices, who prays regularly, gives a tenth
of his earnings to the church and lives by His commandments is still
doing the lords work. However, temptations are manifold and often
hidden, and so it are those who do not fit into the divine order and try
to make up for humanity's imperfections that most often fall prey to
demons and the like. Yet one should never forget that society
necessiates them, and they are as much part of His creation as any
being.

So what about the Magi? They are Gifted by Him with a power to change
His very creation by their will. It is easy to see that such power can
be used for much evil, but this should not be taken to mean such a use
is its only possible application. Indeed it is the solemn duty of the
Order of Hermes to seek out those who abuse their power and stop them, a
duty carried out thoroughly since its founding about 400 years ago. It
is also, though even many of the Order fail to see it, its duty to right
other wrongs that have been done unto His creation by humans, fairies or
demons. Indeed, while the clergy are blessed beyond all and care for our
souls, the Magi are required to do the work that imperils the soul most:
Leading. It might be thougt that nobility serve this purpose, yet theirs
is a protective role: They fight to keep peasant and clergy safe, to
regain the holy lands from the heathens. The role of the magi is an
offensive one: For does not He command us to smite down all that oppose
him? Would this be a world perfect in His eyes, Magi would not be
necessary, and thus never be born. It is, however, not, and thus we are
required to lead on until His kingdom comes.

As is often the case in His marvelous creation, the order he gave
society is reflected in the gilds of the Rhine Tribunal.

There are the Elder and Hawthorn Gild, who preach protection of
wilderness or fae. But does not the Lord say: "Go forth and rule this
earth in my name?" Why, then, should fairy or beast be "protected" from
rule of His children? Truly, these are the Heretic and the Heathen:
Those who do not see the lord and revel in their bestiality, and those -
even worse\! - who see Him yet choose to associate with pagan fae.

The Apple Gild are those who toil, interacting with mortals to help and
nurture them. They are those Magi who lack the strength of will to lead,
yet put their Gift to work to help out the rest of the Order. As is so
often the case with the low, though, they are discontent with their lot,
failing to see His will, which has lead to the recent uprising calling
itself the "Lotharingian Tribunal".

The Linden Gild have the second role. It might be surprising, even
contradictory, to call the Gild most interested in a smoothly running
order a fighting one, yet recall that their fight is a defensive one:
They protect the order from disintegration, from forces inside that seek
its destruction. There fight is rarely one with weapon or spell, but one
with word and wit, all the more dangerous for the power and ambitions of
its combatants.

The Oak Gild, then, is clearly the force responsible for preserving the
traditions of the order, making sure that things go as was the will of
the founder. Theirs is an important role, and theirs is the right to
call themselves the foremost wardens of Bonisagus' heritage.

Yet, as with all mundane society, the order is imperfect, perhaps
stained at foundation by the sin of including heathen Diedne, and thus
are required magi who are willing to risk their souls in the pursuit of
outcasts, in the fight for the order with spell and weapon. This is the
Ash Gild, and its role is as central to the functioning of the order as
are the magi for the continuation of human civilisation. They carry the
largest burdens and responsibily, a duty rarely honoured by other guilds
and often misconstructed as arrogance or a simple hunger for power. Yet
it is not a desire to rule for power's sake that motivates the Ash Gild,
but the knowledge that they have the strength of will and personality to
bear the immense burden leadership is.

(tbc)

  -
    [Aphanius](Aphanius "wikilink"), Filius Clemens, Filius Stentorius,
    Filius (irgendwann sollten wir mal die Namen hier beschlie√üen,
    Andrew), Filius Tremere of House Tremere
    Princeps of the Covenant of Nummus Prosper
    in the Chapter House of the Covenant of Nummus Prosper located at
    Waldheim
    in the Winter of the Year 1227

[Category:Ars](Category:Ars "wikilink")