I have been told that having a familiar is beneficial for my quest to
achieve [masterhood](On_achieving_the_title_of_Magister "wikilink").
There is a peculiar cat on my island that has piqued my interest. It is
a black cat that seems to be magical: at times, one can see it, then it
vanishes from plain sight. A teleporting cat, maybe? If so, it would
compliment my magics perfectly\!

The cat is generally nosy and walks around the island as if it owns this
piece of land. I have by now tried several times to befriend the cat,
but it is very leery of me (or, indeed, any person). With the casting of
our Mystic Tower, and my completion of my lab in the tower, I have
succeeded in taking the cat up to the tower with me. It seems to like
the lab rooms and the commanding view from the balcony.

I now firmly believe that the cat is suitable as my familiar. Over the
months, we have grown to like each other. I now wish to pose a final
test on him, before I will try to bind him as my familiar. I took the
cat with me to the village Kaub. Entering the church, I wish to find out
if the cat is in any way infernally tainted -- one cannot be too careful
with this\! The cat entered the church without problems, and I could
also approach the altar with him. The cat jumped off my arms and hid in
the church, but after some looking, I found him hiding behind one of the
aisles.

Satisfied, I proceeded with the binding of the familiar rites. My
powerful command of Rego and Corpus magics are enough to bind a
second-magnitude Gold and Bronze Cord, and also a first-magnitude Silver
Cord. The cat has willingly entered the familiar bond and is now
officially my familiar. I have made sure that the covenfolk know of
this, and show the necessary respect towards him. I think he likes
this... he is now often in my lab, sitting on *my* throne, even though I
have ordered a replica throne in cat-size for him. I guess I am too soft
on him.

I still do not have a name for my familiar, so for now I call him
*Felis* -- Cat. I reason that he must already have a name of his own
devising, and I will ask him that name once we can communicate clearly.
I need to research some Mentem magics, so that we can share thoughts and
words through our familiar bond and that he can parley his name.

I also need to find a way to make him speak the human tongue. Once I am
able to do enchant both effects, I can send the cat in lieu of myself to
the covenant meetings, let him relay the meeting procedures via our
mental bond, and let him talk at the meetings to communicate my orders
and wishes. I can't wait to see the faces of my sodalis once this
happens\!

## Stats

These are the basic stats of a magical cat, as per RoP:M, Andrew. Needs
2 Flaws to balance the Virtues, plus can have 13 points of Qualities
(which can also be virtues). RoP:M is totally broken, so feel free to
adjust as needed. :) Has no Powers yet.

**Magic Might:** 13

**Characteristics:** Int 0, Per +1, Pre -2, Com -4, Str -7, Sta 0, Dex
+3, Qik +4

**Size:** -3

**Confidence Score:** 1(3)

**Virtues and Flaws:** Perfect Balance, Puissant Awareness, Sharp Ears,
Nocturnal, Magic Animal, Unaffected by the Gift, Magical Friend

**Qualities:** Ambush Predator, Crafty, Good Jumper, Skilled Climber,
Thick Fur

**Personality Traits:** Curious +4, Cat+3, Timid +2

**Reputations:** Evil 2 (local)

**Combat:**

Claws: Init +3, Attack +8, Defense +10, Damage -5

Teeth: Init +4, Attack +8, Defense +7, Damage -6

**Soak:** +1

**Fatigue Levels:** OK, 0, -1, -3, -5, Unconscious

**Wound Penalties:** -1 (1-2), -3 (3-4), -5 (5-6), Incapacitated (7-8),
Dead (9+)

**Abilities:** Athletics 3 (jumping), Awareness 4+2 (at night), Brawl 2
(claws), Hunt 4 (mice), Stealth 4 (stalking)

Natural Weapons: Claws: Init -1, Attack +2,Defense +3, Damage +2. Teeth:
Init 0, Attack +3, Defense +1, Damage +1.

[Category:Ars](Category:Ars "wikilink")