## Founding a Covenant

Oh well, my Gauntlet is passed and I can finally leave that blasted
place of [Irencilla](Irencilla "wikilink") for good. I met two other
Sodalis, freshly gauntleted: [Aphanius](Aphanius "wikilink") and
[Relentus](Relentus "wikilink"). Relentus is a likeable chap. He doesn't
talk much and is content with him being a Verditius lab rat in our
covenant-elect. No muss, no fuss. Aphanius is a special case. He is from
[Fengheld](Fengheld "wikilink"), and over-eager, as all younger Tremere
are bound to end up with, after their terrible apprenticeship. I
seriously do not know how they can survive such a gruesome trial.
Aphanius started fussing about opening a chapter house, rather than a
covenant. Has he gone mad? And spend my next 50 years copying some dusty
tomes for some haggard old Tremere magus? Nevertheless, I was quickly
able to get this idea out of his mind with a very favourable deal. We
will found a proper covenant, and he will in turn become Princeps. What
a wonderful deal\! How in their right mind wants to become Princeps
anyway? Only work, no benefits. I feel that I can channel the over-eager
Tremere tendencies of young Aphanius to my liking by allowing him to
become Princeps. Then, he will be overly concerned with the good of the
covenant. It should be possible to persuade him to see my own good as
the good of the covenant.

## Location of the Covenant

We have visited the sites of three of the four former covenants in the
Rhine Gorge valley. Of these, only one comes to mind when thinking of a
proper covenant. My eye is set on Pfalz island, a small ruinish castle
directly on an island in the Rhine river. Once we rebuild the castle
there is plenty space for grogs and labs. And, we can build a tower, in
the top level of which I can build my lab -- a proper, regal
surrounding. We can collect tolls from this castle with ease. Quick
calculations made by [Albrecht](Albrecht "wikilink") led us to assume
that we can collect a small fortune this way -- more than a typical
covenant can command in riches\!

Relentus, in particular, seems keen on establishing the covenant on the
second site: a small hamlet (actually a collection of three huts) in the
Westerwald. The advantage is that the covenant would be far off from any
civilisation and interferings. The disadvantage is exactly the same.

We have decided and the result is even better than I could imagine: we
will build the covenant on Pfalz island and a chapter house in the
Westerwald. Aphanius and Relentus are keen to go off into the woods, I
personally will stay on the island, with Undine as company. This suits
me perfectly: the overzealous Aphanius will leave me alone for most
things, Relentus will stay locked in his lab and cannot bother the
mundanes on my island. I will erect a Mystic Tower and occupy the top
two levels with my lab and living quarters. Undine wants to build her
lab *underwater*\! For crying out loud\! Well, at least she will also
not bother me and I am the undisputed master of the island.

## Official Positions

Aphanius claimed the title of Princeps, and I gladly (but feigning
reluctance) obliged. With him sitting in the Westerwald, a good half-day
travel from Pfalz island, and Undine underwater most of the time, all
Hermetic visitors first come to me. This gives me the power of a
Princeps, without the nuisance. Any visitors deemed uninteresting by me
are sent to the chapter house.

As a "price" to give up my Princeps ambitions, I claim the title of
Librarian. This way, I can keep track of what my sodalis are studying
and can make good estimations of their hermetic capabilities. Better
still, I can subtly influence the acquisitions of new books and
resources. Meaning, my own pet fields will be expanded far more often. I
expect to see many Rego tractati coming in\!

[Category:Ars](Category:Ars "wikilink")