Pfalz, the island in the Rhine, which has a Magic aura of 2, is located
in the Rhine Gorge roughly halfway between Mainz and Koblenz. It's about
120 yards to the left bank, and 80 yards to the right bank. The valley
sides are quite steep-sided, making the river by far the most practical
means of transport. The small town of Kaub is a couple of hundred yards
downstream on the right bank. Above it, Burg Kaub has just started
construction. The castle of Baron Schönburg and the town of Oberwesel is
about 3 miles downstream on the left bank. Ships regularly pass by the
island and are obliged to stop and pay a toll -- this is the covenant's
main source of income, shared 50-50 with Baron Schönburg.

The island is a little less than 100 yards long, and the amount which is
above water depends on the river level. The upstream half of the island
shoulders the fortress, which is freshly rebuilt. It has an elongated
hexagonal footprint. The central tower is also new, secretly created
thanks to a casting of *Conjuring the Mystic Tower*. Immediately
upstream of the island is Undine's underwater lab and ship-lab. The side
facing the left bank has some (partially) underwater rocks on which a
small pier is built. The downstream half of the island has a tiny copse
of trees. A vine grows on the central one.

A short distance upstream, and connected (when the water is low) by a
rocky spine is the "South Island", slightly larger, with more trees, and
less flat. Somewhere in this island lurks something foul, Undine claims,
or at least there is a bad-smelling underwater passage which she doesn't
venture too far into...

## Gallery

<center>

Image:aquarell-290.jpg|Pfalz Island with Burg Kaub in background
Image:0600.jpg|View downstream; Schönburg in the background
Image:0601.jpg|*"Oh look, is that a shiny dripstone?"*
Image:ansi.jpg|*"Vexator is watching you\!"*
Image:gutenfels290pfalz.jpg|View upstream; Burg Kaub in the foreground
Image:pfalz290von-der-faehre.jpg|*"Welp, looks like Undine's botched
again\!"* Image:pfalzgra.jpg|View from above
Image:Pfalzgrafenstein.jpg|badly scanned image

</center>

[Category: Ars](Category:_Ars "wikilink")