[Günther](Günther "wikilink") still couldn't believe his master really
intended to go along with the promise he had made about half a year ago,
but here they were on [Pfalz Island](Pfalz_Island "wikilink"), all ready
to leave for Italy. And not only on foot - they would not even take
Simon along to do all the daily chores. Since his master hat also sworn
not to use any magic, Günther had no illusions about on whom those
chores would fall when [Aphanius](Aphanius "wikilink") got bored with
them after a day or two. Yet he knew the Tremere magus to well to
complain or say anything. At least, without magic, he would probably not
get any weird ideas about wandering into faerie forests and telling
Günther to stand back from all fights.

The faithful shieldgrog smiled at one of the passing grogs. During the
last week, they had all placed bets on how long Aphanius would really go
without magic, and how far he would be able to carry his own backpack
before passing it to Günther. None had believed the magus would make it
a week, but Günther was confident he would win his bet that Aphanius
would carry it all the way to Rome. He had travelled with the Tremere
and knew he was stronger than his slender frame suggested. Aphanius
would not tire of the backpack. He would tire of the mundane world, and
the day-to-day chores. That seemed to be the real challenge of the
pilgrimage.

As the sun reached noon, his master finally appeared, all set for
travelling. It seemed Vexator had not been able to resist coming down
from his lab to gloat over the humble departure of his former Princeps.
Even Günther smiled at seeing the young magus without his sword and
typical robe (a replacement for the garment Vexator had cut still hadn't
arrived from Coeris), wearing only a white robe, sandals and his
backpack. It would be good for the young and harsh magus to learn some
humility, though Günther was far to well trained to show any signs of
his schadenfreude. Without further hassle, they took the boat over to
Kaub and went on their way. They would have to set a hard pace to make
it to Rome in time for Easter. The spring equinox was only ten days
away, and then it would be a further two weeks to Easter. Still, soon
they would meet up with the Via Carolingia, a famous pilgrimage route,
which would ease and fasten their journey considerably.

[Category:Ars](Category:Ars "wikilink")