![Taverne.jpg](Taverne.jpg "Taverne.jpg")![Barde.jpg](Barde.jpg
"Barde.jpg")

The breeze came from the wrong direction. *"The wine song"* was
omnipresent. Undine arose with bloodshot eyes. Generally the nearby
village was quiet, especially at night. But since this accursed bard
appeared, the tavern was buzzing. She staggered to the window and
glanced at the stars. Around midnight. She rubbed her face. This has to
end. Undine left the building, went to the water and jumped in.

The otter crawled ashore and shook its body. The water is cold, this
time of the year. The otter lolled and stretched until he finally grew,
assuming baroque shape. His hair fell to the ground, crumbled and
vanished, pink flesh appeared underneath. The creature grew even larger,
until - until a small woman was standing at the river, wringing her wet
hair. Suddenly a faint colourful haze appeared around her and dissipated
again. She knelt down in the grass and raked it with her fingers. With
every stroke, more and more grass piled up in front of her. She reached
into the pile and pulled out a garb. These spells are so handy\! Turning
the garb, Undine inspected it from the front and the back. Satisfied,
she put it on. Dry and dressed she started walking.

Undine hasn't been to the village very often (especially at night), but
the tavern was hard to miss. She just followed the sound.

The tavern was a rather big building for such a small village and has
already seen his best days. A barely readable sign said: *"Zum
zebrochenen Krug"*. Undine closed her eyes and held her breath. With her
bare feet she could feel the ground shaking from the pandemonium inside.
She looked about, but the street was empty. Undine screamed something in
a strange language (even then she could barely hear herself) and slammed
her fist against the wall. Faint smoke emerged from the windows and the
door. The hullabaloo died away. A jug shattered on the floor. Then there
was silence. Undine smiled and walked away.

-----

*"Vom Südhang kommt der beste Wein vom Rhein\! So süß und beerig, oh wie
fein\!"* Gah\! Undine sat upright in her bed. Good Lord. The peace
lasted less than a day. Accursed bard\! May his balls shrivel and rot.
She grabbed for her clothes and left the room.

Aphanius and Relentus were in the Chapter House. Lucky them\! If it
would not be highly inefficient to abandon her half-finished project,
she would have fled there, too. On her way to the shore, she saw light
emerging from the castle. Undine turned around. Vexator and Albrecht
were sitting in a room at ground level, less exposed to <i>"the wine
song"</i> than in the office or the lab. With tired eyes they were
trying to read. "Hey Vexator\!" Slowly, he looked up. "I will bring you
a present." Vexator looked at her for a while before he silently went
back to reading. Undine was not sure, if he did not understand or just
ignored her. Maybe both. She went back to the waterside. This time she
took the boat.

On the mainland, she walked a swift pace. The street was as empty as
yesterday. She arrived at the tavern. Before she reached the door, she
startled by the sound of a window breaking. A young man fell on the
grass, broken glass around him. He got up, leered at Undine, barfed on
his shoes and tried to climb back trough the window. Undine turned up
her nose on him and went to the front door. Gathering all her strength,
she kicked at the door. At the second attempt, she succeeded and the
door swung wide open. The desired effect of attention failed to appear.
She was hardly noticed. So she fought her way through to the bard who
entertained the cheering plebs with his awful songs. "Hey,
Lieder-Schmied\!", she screamed. Now she had his attention. "Es gibt
Leute, die müssen Arbeiten. Und schlafen." The crowd was hooting. The
bard sneered: "Der große Grannus hört nicht einfach auf. Nicht heute
Nacht. Seht ihr nicht, dass den Leuten meine Lieder gefallen? Meine Ode
an den Wein haben wir heute erst drei mal gesungen. Wir werden nicht
ruhen, bevor der Morgen graut." Cheering approval. This won't work,
Undine thought. But it actually would have surprised her, if it had.
What makes him tick? She looked him in the eyes and reached for his
mind.

Oh boy. She wouldn't have needed magic to find that out. "Grannus
Lieder-Schmied, wir machen eine Wette. Ich feiere mit Euch. Die ganze
Nacht. Und tanze nackt auf Tischen. Wenn Du mich im Armdrücken
besiegst." For a second, no one said a word. Then the crowd went
berserk. The bard laughed out loud. "Und was passiert, werte Dame, in
dem unwahrscheinlichen Fall, dass Ihr stärker seid, als ich? Wenn sich
unter ihrer Robe Muskelberge türmen, die ich bis jetzt übersah?" "Dann,
Lieder-Schmied, bist Du mein persönlichen Sklave. Für einen halben
Mond." Before he even had a chance to answer, four guests of the tavern
were already carrying a large table and put it in front of Undine and
the bard. Undine sat down. The bard hesitated, sensing a trap, but the
people were already jostling him to the table. He held out his arm and
Undine put her slender hand in his. Two pair of eyes stare at each
other. No one blinks. The people count down: "Drei\! Zwei\! Eins\!
Looos\!" The bard rolled his eyes until only the whites could be seen
and he flagged. With all the strength she could come up with, Undine
slammed his hand on the table. Suddenly the bard awoke and looked
disbelieving on his hand lying on the table. His unseeing eyes stared at
the surrounding people. "Un... Unmöglich\! Das, das ist... Das kann
nicht..." Some of the guests started exulting, but most of them realised
that the party was over. "Komm mit mir. Und gewöhne Dich schon einmal
daran: Du wirst nichts sagen. Keinen Laut machen. Für einen halben
Mond."

Undine shoved the bard into the boat, got in herself and said: "Bring
mich zurück zur Insel." He opened his mouth to protest, but she said:
"Ich bin nicht nur stärker als Du, ich kann auch machen, dass Deine Eier
abfaulen." He closed his mouth again and started rowing.

During the next fortnight, castle Kaub was cleaned thoroughly. A few
people wondered, who this submissive guy with the broom in his hand was,
always with humped back, never saying a single word. But most people
just enjoyed the silence. No one ever dared to sing *"the wine song"*
again. And the bard Grannus was never heard of ever after.

[Category:Ars](Category:Ars "wikilink")