[Vexator](Vexator "wikilink") used his magics to don the form of Jorgen
von Sinningen, a minor noble and distant relative of the Baron von
Kirchberg. He had built up the background of Jorgen over the past few
months and it was now time to test it. He arrived at the castle of Baron
Schönburg and requested an audience with the lord.

After the initial pleasantries are over, Jorgen starts to talk business.
"My lord Schönburg, I have heard that you are in somewhat of a
predicament... your daughter is of a marriageable age, is she not?" The
face of the baron hints a slight frown: "Indeed she is. There have been
suitors, but not every man has been up to the task. And the latest, most
promising suitor, a young nobleman named Otto, has just recently
declined. Very surprisingly, I must add."

Of course he did, Vexator thought. He had tried to keep track of the
suitors of Karlotta, the daughter of the baron, and had immediately seen
that this Otto was the most serious contender, and thus the most serious
danger to his plan to get a hold in the family of his liege-lord. He had
seen to it that most potential suitors were either dissuaded or
discredited, but this Otto had proven more stubborn. In the end, he had
let Undine do some Mentem-magics to get Otto out of harm's way.

Jorgen did not let any of these thoughts show. "A pity indeed, for your
daughter is... high spirited and a beauty to behold. Let me see if I can
offer any help. Recently, I have been a guest at a castle nearby -- Burg
Pfalz, in the Rhine, just a few miles from here? I trust you know of it?
I'm not fully familiar with the demesnes of the nobles here, but aren't
they some kind of vassal of yours? In any case, there was a splendid
young man of a compatible age at the castle. He might seem a bit strange
at first... intimidating perhaps. He is tall, taller than the tallest
man I have seen before\! Hademar is his name, and I have talked with him
on some occasions. He seems to be able to trace is ancestry to some
minor noble line in the Swiss Alps... I am not fully sure, but I could
do a more thorough check if you wish. Perhaps he would be a suitable
husband for your daughter? I have seen that your daughter also has her
share of... strangeness... in her blood. Hademar would be strong and
dependable, he is of noble background and seems to be in charge of the
castle of his own, with a good source of income. If you wish, I could
arrange for a meeting?"

Baron Schönburg looked up, somewhat surprised. "Hademar? I not only know
of him, I actually know him\! Burg Pfalz is indeed a vassal of mine, I
let the scholars on the castle run the day-to-day business of collecting
the tolls on the Rhine, and I receive a share of the tolls as scutage.
Hademar, hm? It never occurred to me... He is indeed of a fine stature.
Please look into his family history, and perhaps arrange for a meeting?
If possible, Hademar should come here and we'll have the two meet. I
must say I spoil my child -- if she does not find Hademar to her liking,
there will be no marriage\!"

\--

Overall, Vexator was pleased with himself. The wedding was now in full
ceremony, and he was attending it in the shape of Jorgen, again.
Karlotta hat accepted Hademar, who in turn rather cherished the idea of
being married into a "fully" noble family. With a few tricks and
omissions, Vexator had been able to only show the "good" parts of
Hademar's family tree, and silently disregarding the estranged parts
Hademar *actually* hailed from.

Everybody at the wedding was slightly squishy about the huge size of
Hademar, but it was mostly re-interpreted as a sign of manliness and
strength. Of the magi, Undine was cheerily mingling with the mundanes,
her Gentle Gift making such things easy. Aphanius stood a bit apart and
was watching the commotion with interest. He, just as Vexator, was
already calculating the benefits of having a more direct control over
their (mundane) future. If the old Baron died now, Hademar would manage
the estate for his wife, the daughter of Schönburg. This might bring
some trouble with the quaesitors, but nothing Aphanius shouldn't be able
to handle, Vexator thought. We give free reign to all our more important
covenant staff, after all. And let the quaesitors come. He'd love
another verbal battle with them. Stupid Tabanus, arguing that merely
*living* next to mundanes would already be enough to qualify for a High
Crime of meddling with mundanes\! He would need to check if Nummus
Prosper was still on the "no-go" list of the Cabal of the Flypaper,
Vexator reminded himself. It was about time for another Cabal meeting
anyway...

[Category:Ars](Category:Ars "wikilink")
