*(This play-by-wiki was the conclusion of the [Hömberg
adventure](Notes_on_the_measures_taken_against_the_disturbance_of_the_fairy_forest_by_the_settlement_attempt_made_by_the_nephew_of_the_count_of_Nassau "wikilink").)*

## The Initial Situation

It is December 1226, a couple of days after the full moon. Over the last
five nights, several of the characters have been involved in
investigating some strange occurences in a [new small
village](Hömberg "wikilink") in the Westerwald, a few miles to the
southeast of [Waldheim](Waldheim "wikilink") and a few miles north of
the town of Nassau on the River Lahn. A couple of people in particular
are of interest:

  - Sir Peter Nassau: a minor nobleman, and nephew of the Count of
    Nassau. It seems he received permission from his uncle for the
    founding of Hömberg, by clearing some virgin forest.
  - "Sir [Victor](Victor "wikilink")": a man posing as a travelling
    nobleman and hunter, staying as a guest of Peter. It was later found
    out that he is actually a Redcap who was on his way to the covenant,
    after he revealed himself.

A brief summary of what has happened so far:

  - The villagers believed themselves to be the victims of wolf attacks
    (indeed a small handful of villagers have gone missing or been found
    dead). In actual fact, the village appears to be suffering a curse
    of lycanthrophy: on the nights on and around the full moon, several
    of the villagers have transformed into wolves, some of which were
    killed by other villagers on the hunt. The slain wolves were later
    found as dead humans in the forest.

<!-- end list -->

  - Both the clearing of the forest and the attacks on some of the real
    Faerie wolves of the Westerwald has displeased the [Court of Bright
    Winter](Court_of_Bright_Winter "wikilink"); through
    [Torven](Torven "wikilink")'s wolf Red-Hame, they have asked the
    magi of Waldheim for aid.

<!-- end list -->

  - Torven was found as a captive of Sir Peter, believed to be somehow
    in league with the wolves (actually true). Aphanius, under the guise
    of Bertram, skillfully promised to deliver Torven to the count on
    behalf of Sir Peter.

<!-- end list -->

  - Torven was actually freed, but Aphanius told the count (whom he had
    met once before) that he was killed when he attempted to escape and
    the body burnt.

<!-- end list -->

  - Vexator and Undine were summoned from [Pfalz
    Island](Pfalz_Island "wikilink") by a message disguised as a
    cheese\!

<!-- end list -->

  - Undine stayed with Sir Peter and offered the assistance of the grogs
    with her in the hunt.

<!-- end list -->

  - On several nights, various of the characters were involved in
    hunting and searching in the forest, investigating the bodies of
    wolves and villagers, and so on.

<!-- end list -->

  - The grog [Horridus](Horridus "wikilink") (from
    [Crintera](Crintera "wikilink")) seems to have the ability to
    shapeshift into a horse.

<!-- end list -->

  - Relentus was captured and placed in a cage near to Sir Peter's manor
    house. He was rescued thanks to some Rego Mentem spells from Undine
    to put the guards to sleep.

<!-- end list -->

  - A wolfberry tree whose fruits are Animal vis was discovered a short
    way off in the forest. [Ludold](Ludold "wikilink"), Waldheim's
    elder, suggested that it may be a warding tree of some sort. Perhaps
    it is thus related to the lycanthropy?

At least some of the magi (most principally the [Ash
Gild](Ash_Gild "wikilink") contingent) have suggested that it would be
highly desirable if the new village were to "disappear". (As a point of
Hermetic Law, the [Rhine Tribunal](Rhine_Tribunal "wikilink") has a
famous peripheral code ruling permitting involvement in mundane affairs
in order to protect wilderness areas... or at least this ruling is
sometimes upheld, for example [Dankmar](Dankmar "wikilink") were found
to be not guilty even though they were believed to be involved in the
removal of a monastery in the [Black Forest](Black_Forest "wikilink").)

Exactly how this is to be achieved remains to be seen...

-----

## The plan by Vexator and Aphanius

Aphanius and Vexator were already set on a plan: Remove Peter from the
scene, convince the settlers to move away, and then have the church
relocated to Kaub - in a new building the covenant would sponsor, to
show its dedication to the christian faith. The idea was that the magic
of the Westerwald would stay untouched, and to outside mundane eyes they
would be seen to act in favour of the church - something very important
given the history of the Rhine Gorge, in particular certain events
involving armies and archbishops.

All they had to do was set the plan in motion.

### Plan the First: Disincentivise Sir Peter

Therefore, Aphanius first approaches Vexator Sylvanum:

"*Trusted colleague\! I would like to ask you to enact the first part of
our plan. Since you have proven to be the most combatworthy of us in the
past, could you take care of Peter? I will take full responsibilty for
his death and that of any guards he may have with him. Anything beyond
that will be on you. Just make sure he won't be around in the future. I
suggest you take Hademar and Hartwig with you, but in the end how you do
it and whom you take is of course up to you.*

*I will ask Undine to convince the mortals to leave, preferably towards
Kaub. I'll then have the faeries regrow the forest over the former huts.
Everything will look like normal, except for that ulcer of a church.
Concerning it's relocation, I will do that with Albrecht.*

*If I can assist you in any way, be it by providing invisibility or
firepower, just let me know.*"

Vexator ponders a bit on this.

"*I agree that we need to get rid of Sir Peter. Let me propose this plan
of action: I will hide near the roads of Hömburg. We will trick Sir
Peter into leaving the village by writing a letter, or sending a
messenger. Some Rego Animal magics should be enough to get his horse to
rebel, resulting in a terrible, terrible riding accident. Then, our
group will assist Sir Peter and his men in bringing Sir Peter to a
healer. On our way, I can secretly cast massive Perdo Corpus magics. I
have a spell that can start a heavy wound in a person. This I could
cast... oh... ten to twenty times on Sir Peter. The healer will then
only see a very tragic riding accident with a totally unforeseen massive
injury outcome. I highly doubt that Sir Peter will survive the wounds
resulting from ten repeated castings of my Perdo spell.*"

Vexator nods. "*Yes, that sounds like a good plan. That way, no-one is
responsible for his death, accidents do happen, after all.*"

Aphanius smiles at the proposal of his colleague.

"*An excellent plan. I like it a lot. No overt magic involved, no
mysterious assassins - all very well. Will you require my invisibility
spell, or will you rely on mundane means for hiding?*"

"*I think I will hide out with a few grogs without using the
invisibility spell. We need to communicate with the men of Sir Peter,
after all. I might need the grogs for diversions, to be able to
stealthily cast the Rego and Perdo magics.*"

"*Very well. Take whom you need. Tell me when you're done, so we can set
Undine in motion.*"

"*Come to think of it, perhaps your invisibility spell may be of use.
You could hide in the woods with us, invisible yourself. Then, cast the
invisibility spell on myself. I will then levitate (so that I don't make
any noises) towards the Sir Peter group. ReAn spell to let the horse
rebel, a PeCo spell immediately after, to make sure that Sir Peter is
actually 'wounded' from the riding accident. Then, I will quickly
levitate back to you that you can dispell the invisibility spell. Then,
I will take the grogs and march along the road, meeting Sir Peter 'by
accident',*" Vexator chuckles, "*pun entirely intended...*"

Aphanius also chuckles.

"*Very well, let's head out. I assume Hademar and Hartwig shall be
fitting?*"

"*Perhaps Hademar is a little too intimidating. Hartwig, someone other,
and my trusted shield grog Jaqueline should suffice. I do not expect to
start a fight. At least not a fair and even one.*"

"*Very well. We'll leave Hademar with Undine, in case she gets into any
trouble. I'll take my shield grog too, then, for the way back.*"

After that, Aphanius goes to write a letter to Peter von Nassau, citing
urgent business and his need to arrive at his uncle's - not in his own
hand, of course. He will deliver it via some happless grog, and upon
Peter receiving it state that when he visited the count (to deliver
Torven), he had heard there was something important, but as it appeared
to be family business had kept his nose out.

As soon as Peter sets out, the five follow him (in a certain distance)
to set their plan in motion.

### Plan the Second: Convincing the Villagemen to Leave

Aphanius seeks out Undine:

"*Dear colleague\! As you seem to have a way with mortals and some
compassion for them, I would ask you to do something for our covenant.
Could you try and convince the inhabitants of Hömburg to find a new home
after the tragic early death of their better, Peter von Nassau? Perhaps
some of them can even be put to work in Kaub - Albrecht had plans of
establishing a tavern there, so you could talk to him.*

*Rest assured that there is no need for you to embark on the quest if
you don't want to, or even to succeed - if not, we still have the option
of slaughtering the useless lot right where they live. It'd be less of a
hassle if we wouldn't have to, though.*"

### Plan the Third: Getting the Wood to Reclaim the Village

Aphanius plans to have the Faeries regrow the forest over night once
there is noone left at the scene.

### Plan the Fourth: Relocating the Church

Then, he will write a letter to Albrecht:

"''Albrecht\! I have asked Undine to do something, which I assume she
will do. Help her best as you can.

*There is also another matter where I require your assistance. A
petition will have to be sent to the local clerical authority - I
believe the bishop is the right rank, but would be grateful if you could
make sure - regarding the relocation of a church that stands alone and
unused in the forest.*

*Our covenant will sponsor the construction of a new church in Kaub. I
trust you will find a way to make this affordable. This church will be
the recipient of the relocation procedure, so if you could help Undine
settle some of the people from former Hömburg in Kaub it would
strengthen our argument.*

*You could also use the manpower from Kaub to found a small new business
- a tavern, a few fishers, something like that. It should help lessen
the financial strain we are incurring in your yearly reports. Again, I
trust you will find something suitable.*

*I will personally travel to the covenant to meet you when matters here
are done, to write the petition. I will likely take a week or two, and
expect everything will be in place once I arrive.*"

-----

## Part 1: Getting Rid of a Redcap

As Aphanius and Vexator are making their way out of Hömberg, ready to
set their dastardly plan in action, the Redcap Victor rides up. He is
quite splendidly attired, seemingly a dashing nobleman out on the hunt.
His impressive-looking horse snorts boldly, seemingly undisturbed by the
presence of the two young magi.

*"Salve sodales\! A most unfortunate business, this trouble with the
wolves, no? Going from what you have said, it may be best for me to
curtail my hunting for the time being, since it would be most rude of me
to bother your local faeries and such. Perhaps I may be able to stay
with Sir Peter for hunting upon my next visit... quite an agreeable
fellow, really. Anyway, I have thus decided to make my way to your fine
covenant\! However can I be of assistance with this matter in any way
before I depart?"*

Aphanius stops and smiles at the Redcap.

*"Salve sodalis\! We have taxed your will to assist too much already.
Just go on to Pfalz Island, Albrecht will provide all you need. Vexator
and Undine shall join you there once this ghastly business with the fae
is settled. I'm certain next time you visit everything will have been
worked out, and you can continue your hunting undisturbed. Right now I
fear it's not too safe for anyone lacking magic protection. You've seen
what happened to those poor innocent villagers. I will not have a fine
Redcap such as you being hurt around our covenant."*

And with that, he waves Victor away, following Vexator on his way out.

## Part 2: A Freak Riding Accident

Sir Peter takes the note from the grog and reads it with a frown. It is
a faked letter telling of his uncle's displeasure at the recent deaths
in the village and summoning him without delay. Sure enough, after some
hasty preparations, he mounts up and makes his way south, accompanied by
one of his men-at-arms on another horse.

The two riders gallop their way along the crude road south. Peter's
companion carries a torch, to ward off the winter gloom beneath the
trees...

Peter's horse suddenly stops, shrieks out, and rears wildly. The
nobleman struggles manfully to stay on, and resists for several
moments... But the horse is beyond all control, thrashing wildly, and
finally throws him off. His companion brings his horse under control and
glances fearfully through the surrounding dark trees, drawing his axe.

*"Aauuughh\!"* Peter screams out, falling badly and clutching at his
ankle. He struggles to hobble out of the way of his still-thrashing
horse. The other man dismounts and moves to help him... when suddenly,
Sir Peter screams out even more, holding his stomach. His face convulsed
in pain, he manages to limp to the side of the road. Peter's companion
glances around, but fails to see anyone (or anything). Slightly shaken,
he goes to his master. *"Sir Peter\! What is the matter?"* -- *"Argh,
the pain... what happened?"*

Vexator floats silently, and invisibly back to the group. Aphanius
dispells the invisibility effect on Vexator and the grogs, then heads
back to Hömberg with Günther (still invisible). He reminds Vexator to
remove the letter at an opportune moment and destroy it - wouldn't do to
leave hints that something was not natural. Vexator relays these orders
to Jacqueline. *"This is a good test to see if you can pick the letter
from Sir Peter without anyone knowing. As a woman, I'll let you care for
him. Perhaps wait until Sir Peter is in delirium or in too much pain to
notice anything."* Jacqueline reacts with the merest hint of a sceptical
frown, but covers it up well -- by now she knows better than to question
orders. *"Very well, master. Just as you say."*

Vexator and his group move up the road to Hömberg. After a short while,
they reach the place of the accident. By now Sir Peter's companion has
managed to calm his master's horse, which is tied to a nearby tree. He
stands from next to his lying master and reaches for his axe, eyeing the
arriving group suspiciously. *"Good day, sirs\!"* Vexator greets. *"Sir
Peter\! What happened?"* Vexator, feigning shock and surprise, goes to
Sir Peter. The companion tries to move between Sir Peter and Vexator,
but Sir Peter, looking up, manages to wave him away. *"I know this
man... he is... from a... nearby castle... they have... helped us to...
combat the wolves..."* Vexator orders his two male grogs to fetch some
wood and build a stretcher: *"Quickly, he seems badly wounded\!"*
Jacqueline is given the task to keep an eye on the wounded Sir Peter.
The man-at-arms still has a suspicious look on his face, but he lets the
woman approach. After a quick glance, Vexator adds *"We need to get him
to a healer... these pains are a sign of an internal injury. I am not a
very good healer myself, but I have seen similar accidents\! Once the
stretcher is ready, we'll move him, very carefully, to Nassau. I can
call for the healer from our castle to take a look at Sir Peter. Would
that be okay with you, Sir Peter? And, you,"* Vexator points to the
companion, *"take a look what those guys are doing for so long... the
stretcher needs to be ready, the sooner the better\!"* The man hesitates
for a moment with lingering suspicion... *"As you say, m'lord."* He
heads off to help the others.

Once he is out of the way, Vexator casts another dose of *The Wound that
Kills*, using quiet voices and subtle gestures, when Sir Peter isn't
looking and preoccupied with his pain. *"Mmm-aauurghhh\!"* the knight
groans anew, choking blood, *"what... devilry is this?\!"* Jacqueline
places her palm firmly across his mouth to inhibit any further
outbursts. *"Hush now, my lord. No trouble, eh?"* His latest groan of
agony is thus muffled, but his eyes roll in their sockets as another
grievous wound hits home, Vexator taking care to cast while out of Sir
Peter's line of sight, and whilst "talking" to Jacqueline. One of the
other grogs is sent to the covenant to get the healer to the village
nearby.

While the group moves slowly to the village, bearing the now-delirious
Sir Peter on a makeshift stretcher, Vexator casts another few of the
PeCo spells... His victim falls unconscious from the pain. The magus
takes care not do this openly, only using subtle words and gestures, and
only when the other is preoccupied. On account of the injuries of Sir
Peter, the pace is very slow...

*"Halt\!"* Jacqueline cries out, drawing her bow. *"Did you hear
that?\!"* She glances around the group. *"Blasted wolves again..."* she
mutters, moving off to one side, to peer through the dark forest. *"Stay
here master, I'll go check"* And with that, she hurries off beneath the
trees. For a minute or two there is silence...

*"Here\!"* Jacqueline's muffled voice cries out, from a way off.
*"Wolves\! Help\!"* The man-at-arms frowns and hefts his axe, glancing
at Vexator. The magus only shrugs. *"I must stay with Sir Peter. You
two,"* he gestures at the stranger and one of the grogs, *"go help"*.
The two of them sprint off in Jacqueline's general direction and then
there are several further moments' silence. *"Where are you, woman?\!"*
the sergeant calls out gruffly from a distance beneath the trees.
Vexator turns around as Jacqueline slips out silently from the other
side of the forest and swiftly drops to Sir Peter's side, grabbing the
handful of parchments from the knight's satchel. She stuffs them inside
her jerkin just in time, before the others return. *"There you are\!"*
the warrior exclaims, panting. *"Where are the wolves? What happened?"*
*"Got one, I think,"* she responds, hefting her bow, *"but where the
hell were you when I needed you?\!"* The other shrugs, confused. *"Never
mind\!"* Vexator barks with his slightly unnatural authority, *"get
moving again\!"*

An hour or two before nightfall, the group emerges from the forest and
descends down the hillside into Nassau, crossing the wooden bridge over
the river, and heading for the castle. As they approach, a small crowd
gathers, gasping in recognition of Sir Peter and his deathly
countenance. As they are finding a place to lay the stretcher, an
elderly woman runs down from the castle, trailed by a serving woman
struggling with a basket and a pail of water. *"Here, let me look at
him\!"* she exclaims, *"what on earth happened?"* She sets to work
without delay, leaving Vexator and the others to step back.

As night falls, the chaos of onlookers, relatives, and healers gets more
urgent. Their efforts are in vain, however, as it becomes clear that Sir
Peter has succumbed to his internal wounds. The ashen body lies
motionless, surrounded by several tearful relatives. The count, a gruff,
bulky man of advanced years is interrogating the man-at-arms vigorously.
Over the sobbing of the women, Vexator hears him reply, *"Truly I am
sorry my lord\! There was nothing I could do\! The horse suddenly
reared, and he fell, but it didn't seem all that bad..."*

After finishing his questions, the count turns towards Vexator and the
grogs. There is no small measure of suspicion mixed in with the lines of
grief and stress on his face. His hand shifts, perhaps unconsciously, to
the hilt of his sword. *"You, stranger\! If you have helped my nephew,
as may be the case, then you have my gratitude, but I trust you are not
somehow involved with this? These have been ill times indeed in the new
settlement, I hear. So, perhaps you can tell me, Sir, who are you, and
what in God's name has happened there?"*'

*"Sire, good day\! It seems you do not recognise me... let me introduce
myself, my name is Friedrich aus Schwaben. I had the opportunity and the
honour to be your guest, together with a certain Bertram some years
back. Today, we, that is, my companions and I, were walking along the
road to Hömberg, when we found Sir Peter here badly wounded. His
companion told us that Sir Peter had fallen off his horse. I immediately
set up everything so that we could get him to safety and to healing
hands. It seems... we were too late."* Vexator poses a gloomy look. *"A
great tragedy... we had just visited Sir Peter in Hömberg, and he was a
most delightful and courteous host."*

The count stares intently at the young magus, eyebrows furrowed in
either suspicion or deep thought. *"Hmm, Bertram you say, the strange...
scholarly fellow with the peculiar skin, you mean? In fact he was here
only the other day\! It seems a troublemaker from some forest hamlet had
been captured by Peter, and he was executed when he tried to escape. The
accident happened around the same place, it seems. I am not a
superstitious man, but I fear there may be some kind of witchcraft going
on here."*

He continues *"Anyway, now that you mention it, I believe that we may
have met before, yes, with this Bertram. You are doubtless a wealthy
scholar, like he... From that new fortress on the Rhine island, yes?
Still, it is a shame your scholarly talents do not extend to medicine,
since such a riding fall is not usually fatal."* He grimaces bitterly.
*"Forgive me. No doubt you did all that you could. I am grateful for it.
Still, if you should see Bertram, tell him that I would wish to speak
with him. He seems to be a learned man, and he lives in these parts, so
he may be able to shed some light on just who, or what, is responsible
for all this wickedness and confusion."*

The count does not seem completely convinced by Vexator's explanation,
but nevertheless leaves him to attend to several others. After some
time, "Friedrich" and the grogs will be able to make their excuses and
leave the next day.

## Part 3: When the North Wind Blows

After the freak riding accident, Aphanius seeks out Undine again. The
two wait for a few days, until a messenger arrives carrying the news of
the terrible accident that has befallen Sir Peter. In the meantime,
Aphanius creates the shapes of big wolves prowling the village at dusk
and dawn, using spontaneous Creo Imaginem Spells while invisible. He
adds the howls of wolves in the night, too - more frequent as time draws
on.

These measures only add to the fear of the villagers, who are now loath
to leave Hömberg at all, or travel alone. News of Sir Peter's death is
greeted by dismay and horror, and there are several who now speak or
whisper of a curse. The village priest does his best to alleviate these
anxieties, and many gather for prayer at the chapel. Still, there are no
further attacks, and the only evidence of the presence of wolves are
Aphanius' spells.

Undine and Aphanius move in on the day following the messenger's
arrival. Aphanius tells the villagers that probably god doesn't want
them to settle there, seeing as he has taken fit to take Sir Peter to
him so early. Since danger is mounting (the fear of wolves attacking
should be very present now), Undine suggests they resettle, for example
near the village of Kaub (where Albrecht will find an opportunity to
employ them). Aphanius (who should be basically known by now) gives the
impression that he is very concerned about their fate, while Undine
plays the nice woman who by chance has an opportunity for them to take
up a new live elsewhere.

That afternoon, the villagers gather in a crowd by the palisade around
the manor house, huddled together against the cold, to hear the
speakers. Undine talks with some eloquence about the opportunities in
Kaub, and she is generally well-received. Several of the villagers
appear to be considering this, and discuss it with each other. There are
a number of questions put to the maga -- what kind of accomodation would
they get, what kind of work is available, that kind of thing.
Eventually, the afternoon wears on and Aphanius steps up to speak. The
grateful smiles and hopeful faces that greeted Undine meld into visages
of fear and suspicion as the slightly sinister-looking Tremere speaks.
Nevertheless, he speaks cleverly, with his faerie gift for persuasion,
and appears to be effective in playing to the villagers' fears and
superstitions. However, when he speaks of God's disfavour on the
village, the priest interrupts. *"No\!"* he cries out from the crowd,
*"I'll not hear that\! This village and this church were founded with
the Lord's blessing\! God is with Hömberg\! But these attacks and these
deaths... they are the Devil's doing\! We must be stronger in our
faith\!"* There is some agreement in the crowd, but others are more
inclined to Aphanius' position, and discussion and argument breaks out.

Dusk is approaching, and the gloom deepens in the empty fields
surrounded by forest, as Aphanius delivers his retort to the priest.

*"Brave man, I have no doubt of your faith. You certainly are strong,
all of you, for taking up such an endeavour as the founding of this
village. But can you not see that the Devil is a clever beast? He
subverts your strength, making you think you follow faith while
corrupting you all the time. Winter is ahead. Times are hard, and now
the Lord of this village has fallen in some wicked accident. Can't you
see that it is the Devil that is telling you to stay here, playing on
your pride? If you do not listen to the signs of the Lord, not only will
you die in the cold, but you will die in sin, damning your souls with
your pride. Your faith is stronger than that, I know that. Don't let him
fool you. Humility is what he asks, and humility he shall receive, from
all of us."*

The wind picks up stiffly, billowing the Tremere's robes, and snowflakes
begin to blow, stinging the villagers' faces. Undine looks on in
admiration -- most impressive, how the magus seems to be effortlessly
summoning the weather and darkness to underline his arguments\! But as
he speaks on, he struggles to make himself overheard over the wind. The
maga frowns -- this appears to be not his magic after all... Aphanius
pauses to glance questioningly at the Bjornaer -- *is this your doing?*,
he seems to be asking, but the maga only shrugs in confusion by way of
response.

The priest struggles bravely to speak up against Aphanius, but he is
almost impossible to hear over the now howling wind. The shivering
villagers struggle to see past the driving snow, and huddle together in
fear. Several of the torches are blown out.

From the north, from deeper in the forest, a great storm appears to be
rising... The iron-grey clouds that heralded the dusk have strangled the
last of the light from the heavens, and the freezing snow is beginning
to form in drifts. Mixed in with the wrathful howling of the winds,
there almost seem to be faint animal howls -- but not quite the same as
Aphanius' phantom wolves. The stormy tumult increases in intensity, and
the villagers begin to back away towards their meagre houses and the
chapel as Aphanius struggles to control his flapping cloak. The ground
trembles slightly, as if with the approach of hooves, and... was that a
horn blowing above the wind's call? The wind and blinding snow scream
through the pitiful settlement and panic begins to break out...

*"Into the church\! All of you\! Pray for delivery\!"*, Aphanius
commands at the top of his voice, as the sound of the horn is heard. Not
all hear this order, however, and some of the panicked folk flee
blindly. Others head for their own dwellings, but most clump together
and run for the small church. Aphanius waves Gunther to collect the
stragglers and stops by Undine. *"Accompany them inside. Make sure
no-one goes out. And try to work on that priest a bit."* Knowing that
any spells he could spontaneously cast will not be strong enough to stop
what is about to come, he ponders for a few precious moments. Then he
turns to Gunther. *"You, too, go inside. Stay with Undine, follow her
commands."* The burly veteran finishes shoving two villagers through the
church doorway and nods curtly. It is clear that he thinks he should
stay by his master's side, but he knows better than to query his orders.
*"As you say, Master Aphanius."* Luckily in the confusion no-one notices
this minor breach of "Bertram"'s disguise.

Aphanius stands his ground a short way from the church. Thanks to his
dark faerie blood, he does not seem overly bothered by either the dark
or the cold, but even he feels a tremor in his bones, guessing at what
is to come. The remaining villagers are by now either hidden in the
church, or else they have fled out of sight. The freezing ground now
resonates more strongly with hoofbeats... The young magus draws a deep
breath and incants a Creo Ignem spell. Drawing his arms wide, light
blooms over him from above, as if a bright torch was held over his head.

The hunt storms into the village, seemingly riding the battering winds
and snows. The figures are hard to discern through the blizzard, but
there appear to be about a dozen horsemen, on great dark mounts. The
vast grey hounds leaping before them are more numerous still. They howl
above the crescendo, cries which echo with the icy winds of the utmost
north. Behind them rides a greater figure still... Aphanius' suspicions
are confirmed; he recognises the legendary Wild Hunt, which he has heard
about as an apprentice at Fengheld -- a great troupe of Winter faeries
who roam through the forests of northern and central Germany, whispered
of in villagers' nightmares. He hastily casts another spell, a Rego
Corpus, levitating himself slowly out of the way of the oncoming ghostly
riders.

Buffeted by the streaming winds which are slowly starting to blow him
back, the magus struggles to navigate his way through the air and
snowstorm to the church, a couple of dozen yards away. Fortunately, his
spell allows for some horizontal movement, and he so he advances
erratically against the wind as the Wild Hunt gallops through the centre
of Hömberg, forking to either side around the church. The feral howls of
the great dogs almost seem to have a life of their own, leaping through
the air to gnash just beyond Aphanius' ears, as he settles unsteadily on
the peaked roof. There is a momentarily strange sensation of weakness,
as he feels the power of his lift and his magical light tremble and
waver. At the same time, however, he feels a flicker of warmth and
courage stir within him. Once on top of the roof, he draws his sword and
kneels down in a heroic pose, holding the sword hilt up in front of him
with his hands, the tip resting on the roof. He chants a prayer from his
time in the monastery...

The Hunt and its accompanying storm rage around the outskirts of the
village for several minutes. Distantly, the praying Tremere can see some
of the fleeing villagers being chased down. One of the hounds leaps upon
a stumbling man and delivers a mighty bite. The victim slumps to the
ground, horror frozen upon his face. There is a crash as one of the
flimsy dwellings falls down, and distant screams. Several horsemen
charge into its ruins and ride down the inhabitants. Others leap
effortlessly over -- or through? -- the palisade and charge up to the
manor house. Aside from the church, the Hunt lays waste to Hömberg...

## Part 4: Winter Kills

As the destruction seemingly reaches a conclusion, the greatest figure,
the Wild Huntsman himself, finally approaches the church. His riders and
hounds gather menacingly some way behind him, just perceptible through
the snow and gloom. The winds are momentarily stilled, here, at the eye
of the storm. The great grim figure is wrapped entirely in a sullen grey
robe, and he sits atop an immense black horse. With his long spear, he
bashes on the church door thrice, seemingly by way of a challenge, each
strike accompanied by a chilling blast of wind. The flimsy building
tremors beneath Aphanius, and he struggles to control his levitation
magics... he manages to maintain a grasp on his spell, just\!

The winds subside again to a freezing stillness. There is no sound but a
faint, fearful sobbing and praying from within the church. The wooden
door creaks open. Gunther, sword drawn, stands in the doorway, Undine
and the priest peering from behind him.

The rider gestures to the grog. *"RIDE WITH ME, MORTAL\!"* he calls out,
in a chilling boom. There is the hint of a shining helm or mask behind
his robe. Most lesser men would have fled in panic at this, but the grog
bravely stands his ground. He glances up at the magus on the roof...
Aphanius shakes his head -- he has heard tell that a mortal rider may
empower the Hunt with deadly vitality.

*"Huntsman\!"* Aphanius calls out from his precarious position on the
roof, *"The church and the people inside are mine, but you may claim
everything else in the village\!"* The mighty rider cocks his head to
one side, as if in the briefest moment of thought. *"NO. ALL WILL PERISH
BEFORE THE HUNT."* he growls icily. The magus gulps and summons his
courage, remembering the training of his House and Gild. He has no doubt
that he is facing one of the most powerful faeries in the land. *"I
challenge you in the name of the Lady of Bright Winter\!"* he issues.
*"I ANSWER HER SUMMONS\!"* the robed figure retorts, although it is not
clear if he means that the Hunt was called here by the Court, or if he
is merely accepting the challenge, or perhaps both. *"I will face one of
your number in a duel,"* the magus proposes, *"and if -- when\! -- I
win, you will leave this place unharmed. If you agree to leave the
church in any case, then I will not fight with the aid of my... special
gifts."* *"I WILL FIGHT YOU,"*, the faerie lord responds immediately,
*"BUT IF I PREVAIL, I WILL CLAIM WINTER'S SPOILS AS MY DUE."*

The Wild Huntsman dismounts with a deep thump, and his insubstantial
mount seems to fade into the background. Aphanius levitate-slides down
the small roof, still clutching his sword, and hits the ground
unsteadily, letting his Rego Corpus magics subside. The two figures
square off, one still illuminated by magical light, the other wreathed
in shadow, with the occasional silvery glint. The dark robed figure,
towering over the magus, reaches inside his robe and withdraws a
glittering blade of ice with a hiss. Aphanius, pausing momentarily for
thought, chants in Latin and deftly skips to one side. As the Huntsman
advances ominously, clutching his ice-blade in both gauntleted hands,
the Tremere lets loose with his Perdo Vim spell. There is no noticable
response.

The Huntsman smoothly steps up, accompanied by a sudden blast of wind,
and slashes at -- or rather, through -- Aphanius, whose image flickers
and reappears a yard away, seemingly unharmed. His opponent hisses
wrathfully, and begins to probe more cautiously. Aphanius lets loose
another casting of his Perdo Vim magics. Again, no response can be
discerned. Steeling himself manfully, he strides forth to strike at the
faerie... a credible effort, but parried with ease. The robed figure
still holds back, and raises one hand. The snow on the ground suddenly
whips up in a maelstrom, buffeting the image of the magus. A yard to one
side of the illusion, snow sticks to the robes of an invisible figure.
The Huntsman strides forward with a wintry roar, and thrusts his icy
blade squarely into the chest of Aphanius, who clutches at his body with
a mortal gasp, letting his sword fall to his side. He feels the blade
slice effortlessly through his Parma Magica and deep into his breast, a
chilling agony that freezes his veins to ice... The illusion and the
snowflake-coated invisible magus both simultaneously slump to the ground
in the snow, motionless.

Inside the church, some were peering through the shutters at the duel,
but now shrink back in horror at its outcome. The Wild Huntsman steps
past the body and approaches... However he stops short a pace away from
the church to sniff and probe at the air... After a brief moment he
turns away, with a curt gesture summoning his great mount which rushes
out of nothingness to his side. *"WE RIDE\!"* he bellows. The Wild Hunt
rises up and gallops off, as quickly as it had arrived, the trembling
ground and snowstorm gradually subsiding in their wake as they penetrate
the forest to the southeast of the clearing, and disappear.

Undine emerges from the church with a cry, one hand across her mouth in
disbelief, and rushes over to the motionless body of Aphanius. His
strangely dark skin, still illuminated by the light of his own magics,
seems pallid and frozen. Snow begins to settle over his Tremere robes...

## Part 5: The Morning After

Aphanius awakes suddenly with a hollow gasp, clutching at his still
deathly-cold chest. He is inside the crude church -- which is mostly
intact -- lying beside an improvised fire. The concerned faces of Undine
and the priest hover over him. *"The Lord be praised"* the priest
murmurs, *"I thought we had lost him for certain\!"* as Undine presses a
mug of warm broth into his hand. With his other hand, he fumbles inside
his robes, searching for the wound in his chest... but it is not there,
just the phantom trace of a mortal sword blow.

He is still too weak to speak, but Undine reports that a small number of
the villagers have died from the cold; they were found lying in the
fields where they had been attacked, although their bodies bore no
obvious wounds. Some others were found alive; they are now huddled in
the church, trembling uncontrollably, terror still etched on their
wretched faces, unwilling to speak of what they have seen.

Undine spends some time in an energetic discussion with the priest. The
stubborn churchman seems determined to stay it out in Hömberg, but the
persistent maga eventually wins him over. The priest then announces the
decision to the remaining villagers: that they should retreat south to
Nassau to see out the winter, and then return to Hömberg in the spring
to rebuild. All seem happy at the prospect of leaving, but not all are
enthused at the notion of returning after the winter is over.
Preparations are made to leave...

After returning to Pfalz Island, and being checked over by Heinrich, it
seems that Aphanius bears no discernable wounds. Within a couple of
days, the chill and fatigue fades away. Having time to reflect on these
events, the young Tremere recalls that the weapons of the riders and the
teeth of the hounds only strike with mortal force if the Hunt is
accompanied by a mortal rider. Otherwise, lacking true vitality, their
only weapons are fear and cold. Lacking such a human hunter amongst his
troupe, the Huntsman was thus only able to strike with terror and chills
-- fearsome enough weapons, but not deadly. It seems the Tremere has
survived his first encounter with the Wild Hunt.

## Part 6: A New Recruit

Aphanius has had his eye on one of the inhabitants of the village, a
young hunter named Emelric who seems to be suitable. He seemed to be a
bit of a loner during the recent events and didn't seem overly spooked
by the magus' Creo Imaginem magics. He accepts Aphanius' offer to come
and work for him in Waldheim; he is sent to hunt and forage for food to
support the hamlet, at first.

## Part 7: Correspondence with the Church

Meanwhile, in Kaub, some of the homeless villagers arrive in search of
work and shelter... which is hastily arranged by Vexator and Albrecht.
With the assistance of Aphanius, Albrecht drafts a letter to the local
bishop (after some inquiry, it is found that the local bishop is in fact
the Archbishop of Trier). In this letter, they request the
deconsecration of the small church of Hömberg, offering instead to fund
the construction of a new church in Kaub, where many of the worshippers
are to be resettled. Aphanius and Albrecht try their best to support
this request with theological argument... and, in case that is not
persuasive enough, the letter is also accompanied with a generous
donation to the Church.

A month or two later, a reply from one of the archbishop's functionaries
is delivered. The Church will agree to the proposal, if the Count of
Nassau also consents. In due course, the agreement of the count is
indeed forthcoming. A churchman from Koblenz thus arrives at the remains
of Hömberg for the ceremony of deconsecration, which is discreetly
witnessed by Aphanius. There will be no return to the village.

## Part 8: No Place Like Hömberg

It is late Spring 1228, over a year since the attacks on Hömberg, and
the Redcap Victor rides into the southwestern streches of the
Westerwald. Perhaps, he thinks to himself, it would be a good chance to
partake of some hunting, by enjoying the hospitality of that local
knight -- what was his name again? Sir Peter? His horse cautiously picks
his way through a barely perceptible overgrown forest track... After
some time, the rider stops with a frown. Wasn't that new village around
about here? But he seems to be in dense forest, with no sign of
civilisation... ah, except there\! He spies the remains of what looks
like an ancient wooden palisade, behind it a small rise. Victor
dismounts and clambers over it, the flimsy and rotten remains crumbling
away beneath him. Struggling through the undergrowth to the top of the
mound, he finds some more wooden remains. It almost looks the manor
house where he stayed little more than a year ago... But that surely
cannot be -- these rotting wooden stumps are seemingly decades-old,
overgrown and surrounded by mature trees.

The Redcap shakes his head as he makes his way back to his horse.
Perhaps he had simply smoked too many faery herbs at Turrius Glorium
again. No matter. On to Nummus Prosper.

[Category:Ars](Category:Ars "wikilink")