## Tribunal Business

Given that the Tribunal's politics have devolved into gilds, there are
only two major, overarching issues:

### The Grand Tribunal

A major topic of discussion is the forthcoming [Grand
Tribunal](Grand_Tribunal "wikilink") in 1228. Firstly, the
representatives of the Rhine Tribunal are chosen -- these are the usual
big names; sadly there is very little chance that a journeyman would be
considered for this role\!

The major issue which the Rhine Tribunal -- or at least there is a clear
majority of opinion supporting this view -- wishes to press is its
territorial integrity. Furthermore, it wishes to secure claims over the
lands of Denmark (Jutland and Zealand), which would be achieved by
[Heorot](Heorot "wikilink")'s petition to formally join the Tribunal.
There is the usual squabble over the eastern border, with the [Novgorod
Tribunal](Novgorod_Tribunal "wikilink"), and the Rhine will seek a
formal settlement of that border in their favour.

Apart from issues of territory, there is a general consensus that the
votes of Rhine magi at the Grand Tribunal should be used to scupper the
harebrained schemes of magi from the lesser Tribunals, which
traditionally include nonsense such as: new Houses or new Tribunals,
opening up of the Great Library, moving of the domus magni, changes to
the Code to permit any mundane nonsense.

There is also a desire for the Grand Tribunal to address the issue of a
(possible) grouping of hedge wizards in Norse lands, which some dub "the
Order of Odin". However, this is an issue which is mostly pressed only
by [Philippus Niger](Philippus_Niger "wikilink") and the [Ash
Gild](Ash_Gild "wikilink").

### Rumours of a Split

Sensational rumours of various types have spread like wildfire around
the Tribunal gathering, and they concern the plans of the [Apple
Gild](Apple_Gild "wikilink") and the two covenants it dominates,
[Triamore](Triamore "wikilink") and [Oculus
Septentrionalis](Oculus_Septentrionalis "wikilink"). It seems that the
Apple Gild magi have become so disillusioned at the Rhine Tribunal that
they have come up with some great scheme. There is no single version of
the rumour, but several reckon that, in league with some of the Normandy
covenants, where there is also reported to be unrest, they plan to
strike out on their own, creating a new Tribunal for themselves. This
new Tribunal would be aligned with their philosophy.

Naturally, many Rhine magi view this prospect with horror\! The [Oak
Gild](Oak_Gild "wikilink") considers such a split unthinkable, and does
not want to see the ancient pre-emininence of the First Tribunal
weakened. The Ash Gild fears that such a new Tribunal would be composed
of quisling magi all to willing to bow before nobles and priests... and
treat the Norse hedge wizards as their equals.

The Apple Gild itself keeps a very low profile and its magi publicly
deny all such rumours... although these denials are somewhat equivocal.
As such there is a conspiratorial tone -- more conspiratorial than
usual, that is -- pervading the entire Tribunal gathering, and the Apple
magi are viewed with considerable distrust. This doesn't help them with
a number of ongoing matters, which mostly go against them: further
censure against Triamore for mundane involvement, a ruling against
Oculus Septentrionalis in their perennial squabble with
[Waddenzee](Waddenzee "wikilink"), censure against an Apple peregrinator
which only just stops short of an outright March. The magi of Fengheld,
however, seem strangely calm about the whole matter. Some speculate
that, with both Oak magi and the co-leader of the Apple Gild among their
numbers, they may be involved, or have some kind of advance information.
Some of the Durenmar magi say that the Apple scheme would help to
further Fengheld's interests, by weakening the traditional power of
Bonisagus' covenant.

In any case, this is a matter which will be discussed at all the gild
meetings. The Apple Gild meeting is lengthy and highly secretive, and
has no announced time or location.

## Covenant Business

### Establish Waldheim Chapter House

Aphanius

  - Officially establishes the chapter house at Waldheim. Watch closely
    for reactions, but defend the measure vigorously against
    accusations.

There are no major problems with this, although some eyebrows are raised
at such a young covenant founding a chapter house so early. In the
Rhine, this is considered precocious\! Still, the leader of [Nummus
Prosper](Nummus_Prosper_Saga "wikilink") is a Fengheld protege, and
given Fengheld's proliferation of chapter houses, there are no reasons
to object. [Simulacrum](Simulacrum "wikilink") of [Turris
Glorium](Turris_Glorium "wikilink") is quick to question whether the new
chapter house contravenes the territorial agreement (concerning the
"division" of the Westerwald) between the two covenants, but he is
assured that this is not the case, and this is attested to by at least
one Redcap. He then makes a theatrical show of "welcoming the Nummus
Proper magi closer to our home", which, reading between the lines, is
interpreted as "don't come any closer\!"

### Vis Trades

Aphanius:

  - Try to find someone interested in a Vis Trade: We offer Ignem or
    Mentem for Vim: 2 for 2 per year. There has to be someone interested
    in those ... and it really hurts spending Rego Vis for the Aegis,
    though I don't want to tell them that.

### Book Trades

Aphanius:

  - Try to find interested partners for a "Tractati-Lease"-program in
    the future, where we exchange Tractati from our respective libraries
    for a couple of seasons.

## Ash Gild Meeting

Vexator:

  - talk to the magi
  - give demonic reliquiary to Philippus Niger (is this enough for a
    Master token, mayhap?)
  - drop hints that Vexator is interested in Hoplite work, later on
    (still needs to "beef up")
  - also would like to ask about a nice introductory Summa on Infernal
    Lore ("Look, but don't Touch Lore"). The Ash Guild knows that this
    is only for defensive and scholary purposes, better not ask this in
    public tribunal

Aphanius:

  - Gain allies for an eventual case about the removal of HÃ¶mberg.
  - If there are other members needing assistance in some way, try to
    see if there can be a 'mutually beneficial' deal.
  - In the no doubt upcoming discussion about the Apple Guild rumours,
    try to find out what the general attitude is and how specific
    members think about it.

## Vexator's Business

Vexator will certainly go to the Tribunal. Main order of business is to
find out how he can achieve his master title the most efficient way.

### Master Title

  - need to ask (most) masters of what they would expect from Vexator,
    ignore any Merinita, Elder Guild masters etc.
      - Henri de Tours: offer to give him a full Rego tractati load for
        copying (first book he already got, second book Vexator took
        with him to the tribunal, next 2 books within this year)
      - a master of the Ash guild (see below), perhaps offer to do an
        aggressive task (future story seed?)
      - third person depends on who asks for what. Occultes?
  - aim is to do the deeds to get the master tokens by the next tribunal
    (1235)

### Longevity Ritual

  - looking for Cr and/or Co specialists, who are willing to make a
    [longevity ritual](Longevity_Rituals "wikilink"), ask for price;
    possible favours to cut down vis costs?

After the Ash Gild meeting, Vexator asks Igor Rastvan about this. *"You
wish to hire an archmage for your first Longevity Ritual?\! A bit young
are you not\! Normally I would consider this a great insult, but one
hears that you are quite the ambitious tyro, and as an upstanding member
of the Ash Gild, doubtless you want only the best, and are willing to
pay for it, yes? I may be able to spare a season for you for... oh,
let's say, two Rooks. One rook of which to be vis tenta or Corpus. Of
course, if this is too much for you, then I daresay my first filius
could provide you with a respectable enchantment for a slightly lower
price."*

Vexator also asks Relentus about the price from Verdi (see below).

Vexator meets with a Redcap from the Tribunal of the Greater Alps,
Cymena. Amongst other things, she is acting as an emissary from the
covenant of Sinews of Knowledge, famed for its expertise with Longevity
Rituals. *"I would be happy to tell you more. Our maga most suited to
the enchantment of Rituals for younger magi is Ragoneda, a member of
your own fine House, in fact\! She will charge you seven pawns of vis
tenta, or ten of vis forma... what's that you say? You want the
**best**? Well, doubtless you have heard of Hubert of Bonisagus. He will
enchant you a most potent Ritual for twelve vis tenta -- or sixteen vis
forma... oh, you mean the **very best**?\! Gosh... well, I suppose you
might be able to persuade Archmaga Philomena to spare you a season from
her precious research, but it would cost you twelve vis tenta **and**
eight vis forma. As you know, we are of course blessed to count the
greatest living enchanter of Longevity Rituals, Archmage Paxon of House
Verditius, amongst our numbers, but a mere young tyro such as yourself
would never be able to secure his services\! Even Primi and other
Archmages strain to bend his ear... Anyway, I would be happy to arrange
a master enchanter of your choosing."*

Vexator also reads in the Great Library about the famed covenant of
Epidauros, in the Theban Tribunal, which supposedly produces Longevity
Rituals of a legendary quality. He is unable to obtain precise
information about cost, but arranges to send a letter. Asking at the
Mercer House of Durenmar, he is told that an Arcane Connection to that
covenant can be purchased for two pawns of vis, and will take about a
year to arrive. *If you wish to do this, please write so here, and
deduct the [vis](vis "wikilink").*

### Cabal of the Flypaper

  - Attend, and see what happens. Check if Nummus Prosper is still on
    the "Tabanus No-Go List".

### Pranks

  - See if he can start some mischief with Simulacrum, or Tabanus :)
  - Move his Corpus-Tractatus to the front of the Corpus section. Again.
    Sigh.

### Vis Trading

  - Looking for Vis trades, especially interested in "mapping" the vis
    in the tribunal: who needs what, who can offer what?
  - Overall goal is to increase the Technique and Form Vis: only trade
    "favourably". This will also depend on what Vis my Longevity Ritual
    Magus is asking for, that Vis I will try to acquire.

(This is personal vis trading, not covenant vis trading, yes?
[Andrew](User:Andrew "wikilink") 21:31, 26 October 2009 (UTC))

  -
    It is indeed. I'm looking to find the Vis necessary for my LR.
    [Christoph](User:Christoph "wikilink") 22:14, 26 October 2009 (UTC)

## Aphanius' Business

Aphanius will go to the tribunal. This section is work in progress\!

### Hermetic Politics

Aphanius will closely monitor the tribunal cases and politics,
especially where it concerns neighbours of Nummus Prosper. Main Goals
are:

  - Identify anything that might affect the covenant in the future, be
    it rulings or agendas.
  - Watch the members of neighbouring covenants, to get an idea of their
    political motivations and ambitions.
  - Should the case come up, he will vigorously defend the removal of
    HÃ¶mberg. Also, watch for similar cases to refer to.
  - Try to find out if the area rumoured to split away contains or is
    close to Nummus Prosper.

Also, try to strengthen the position of Nummus Prosper:

  - Seek out the Princeps of other Rhine covenants (except those from
    Dankmar and similar 'covenants') for some smalltalk in the evenings,
    to get an idea on their personality and make aquaintances.
  - Seek out members of the Apple Guild (or likeminded magi), to see if
    they have special training programs/good books for improving the
    quality of covenant staff.

### House Tremere Meeting

  - Try not to repeat the embarrassing 24-hours-knockout from last
    meeting.

<!-- end list -->

  - Check on the status of the Cold Iron Vexillation: Who is a member?
    Who is in charge? What is being done? Also, tell of his encounter
    with the Wild Hunt and his Visit to the Court of Bright Winter.

<!-- end list -->

  - Inquire about conditions for Coeris Longevity Ritual.

His parens, Clemens, tells him: *"It is customary for junior Tremere
magi, at least those who are not great Corpus experts in their own
right, to travel to Coeris for their first Longevity Ritual. There, you
will find one of the masters of our House who will be willing to provide
for you. You will first have to offer him two seasons of your service,
and then you will only need to provide the vis for the Ritual. Of
course, should you happen to be flush with vis, you may be able to waive
one or both seasons of service with a suitable payment\! For such a
magus, I would guess that five or six pawns per season waived would
probably suffice."*

## Relentus' Business

Relentus will (probably) go to the Tribunal. Amongst other things, he
plans to enquire about the possibility of obtaining a Longevity Ritual
at Verdi.

The usual Verditius price for enchanted items is twice the vis cost of
enchantment, and that applies to Longevity Rituals as well. (This does
not include the vis needed for the enchantment.) So, a good-quality
Ritual suitable for magus of 30 years of age, needing six pawns, would
cost 12 pawns. A Ritual potent enough for a magus of 50 years costs 20
pawns. However, this formula starts to break down at the high end\!
Rumour tells that the great Archmage Paxon of House Verditius (at Sinews
of Knowledge) has at times charged 40 or more pawns... Some say that he
is now so rich, that he no longer seeks his payment in vis -- almost
unthinkable, for a Verditius\!

[Category:Ars](Category:Ars "wikilink")