__NOTOC__

*"My Sodales have accused me of being self-important. -- How dare they,
I nearly fell off my throne\!"*

## The Character

A magus of House Tytalus. Extremely keen on self-dependency, complete
freedom of research, reproducible and reliable magics, and personal
aggrandisement.

## Noteworthy achievements

  - 1220 Passed the Apprentice's Gauntlet
  - 1221 Founded [Nummus Prosper](Nummus_Prosper_Saga "wikilink"),
    together with [Aphanius](Aphanius "wikilink") and
    [Relentus](Relentus "wikilink").
  - 1225 Bound his cat familiar, currently named Felis
  - 1235 plans to achieve his Master title at this tribunal

## Thoughts

  - [On the founding of Nummus Prosper and his
    Sodalis](On_the_founding_of_Nummus_Prosper_and_his_Sodalis "wikilink")
  - [On achieving the title of
    *Magister*](On_achieving_the_title_of_Magister "wikilink")
  - [On his familiar](On_his_familiar "wikilink")
  - [On the perfect Longevity
    Ritual](On_the_perfect_Longevity_Ritual "wikilink")
  - [On procreation](On_procreation "wikilink")

## Mischief

  - [Marrying into the liege family of
    Sch√∂nburg](The_Beauty_and_the_Giant "wikilink")
  - [Super-spreader strategies](Super-spreader_strategies "wikilink")
  - [Ex Misc are all the same, in all
    Tribunals](Garabed,_the_Bonisagus_Ex_Miscellanea "wikilink")

## Lab

Located in the top floor of the "Tower of Vexator", the main tower on
Pfalz Island. Two monumental stairs lead up to the lab, with the words
*here be latin* -- "luxury is the herald of weakness" -- written along
their arch. Climbing the stairs, one arrives in the far end of the
actual lab, facing the wall. Turning, the visitor will immediately see a
large but demure throne. Usually, Vexator and his familiar fight who is
allowed to sit on the throne; The cat has an identical, but much smaller
throne on the side of the lab, but prefers the "real" throne. The lab is
luxuriously and comfortably outfitted and only the finest materials for
all items in the lab were used. A gallery spans the back half of the
lab, so Vexator can easily follow all happenings in his lab. From the
gallery, two gates lead outside to a balcony, allowing a magnificent and
commanding view of the entire river (and, in good weather, an excellent
range for Sight and Voice spells).

**Virtues and Flaws:** Palatial; Gallery; Elevated, Superior
Construction, Superior Equipment, Grand Entrance, Defenses, Magical
Lighting; Cramped, Missing Equipment (Items), Missing Equipment
(Experimentation, Vis Extraction)

**Characteristics:** Size +1, Refinement 0, General Quality +1, Upkeep
+2, Safety +0, Warping 0, Health +2, Aesthetics +9

**Specialisations:** Teaching +3, Texts +1, Rego +2, Auram +1, Imaginem
+1

[Category:Ars](Category:Ars "wikilink")