The stag raced on up the hillside, its sweaty haunches steaming from the
freezing cold. Fleeing from the pack, its controlled desperation somehow
morphed into arrogance as it sprung up and through the mist and
undergrowth with renewed vigour. In its moment of need, the creature
seemed to be able to find another gear, or some hidden reserve of
energy. [Grigor](Grigor "wikilink"), in a last burst of effort, his legs
already burning, made a last desperate lunge... A surprisingly sturdy
bush then threw itself in the Urshul's path. A short stab of pain, a
clumsy stumble, followed by a steep scraping slide down through the
frozen undergrowth, ending with an ignominious splash into an icy
stream.

The stag had vanished. Another failed hunt. The Grigor-wolf grimaced and
tried to shake the freezing water out of his fur, limping out of the
water. More fucking lentil soup tonight, then. It was goddamn winter,
how the hell did these fucking deer manage to have so much speed and
energy?\!

His stomach grumbling with hunger and his teeth grinding with
frustration, Grigor mounted his Kawasaki, heading back in to the city.
He mashed the throttle and the bike responded with a satisfying jolt of
acceleration. The frost and trees to either side rapidly receded in a
blur. The answer was obvious: Speed\! More speed was needed. He had seen
first-hand in some of his encounters with the Pure how several of his
comrades had apparently learnt the secret of the incredible swiftness of
Father Wolf. Time for hime to get in on the act\!

-----

Bear's Bane emerged into Hisil by the [Old radio](Old_radio "wikilink")
and allowed his senses to adjust to the eerie half-light. The eep-eeps
scattered and chattered and beeped incessantly, as always making little
sense to the Rahu. He ignored them and hustled outside, sniffing at the
cold, electric air of the shadow city. He tilted his Urshul-head and
peaked his ears. Was there perhaps the faintest hint of a deep,
grumbling menace? Somewhere, out in the streets, the Trucks were
prowling. He would have to be careful\! At some point those god-damn
cargo-carriers and their Pure allies would have to be smashed, but that
goal was a long way off. Tonight, he was hunting something a little more
agile, inspired by the climax of the pack's most [recent
exploits](Petersburg_Wilhelmplatz "wikilink")...

The gleaming purple porsche-spirit growled aggressively, its bonnet-face
grinning with the challenge. It then screamed up the shadow street,
towards its prey. This particular prey didn't seem all that intimidated,
however, and stood its ground. As the rather formidable-looking Uratha
loomed up ahead, it changed its mind at the last moment and veered off
with a skid to avoid the collision. Hunting such a Forsaken might be a
bit too much...

Anticipating this move, Grigor gave a mighty leap in the car's
direction, but the porsche laughed off the challenge, and easily raced
away from the lumbering Rahu. It screamed off around the corner up
ahead, dodged a few puffing buses and sped off into the distance,
leaving a trail of rubber.

The Rahu was not to be so easily deterred, however. Some time later - he
had been waiting and growling and grumbling impatiently, hidden behind a
stack of garbage containers lurking by the edge of the street - the
porsche spirit reappeared.

Bear's Bane let fly with another huge leap, more accurate this time...
The tumbling figure of fur and sinew and teeth landed on the bonnet of
the porsche with an almighty smash, leaving a sizeable dent. The
car-spirit let out a hiss of surprise and annoyance from its engine, and
promptly swerved. Grigor dug in his claws and held on for dear life...
The vehicle then let loose on a frenzied drive, veering and thrashly
wildly to try and throw off its unwelcome passenger. The Uratha held on
grimly. The car smashed him into other vehicles and walls with crunching
blows, but he gritted his teeth and soaked up the damage...

Eventually, its engine beginning to get uncomfortably hot, leaking steam
and oil, the porsche powered down and glided to a halt. Grigor
cautiously dismounted and hooked his arm around one of its doors,
holding it still.

*"Grrr. Alright, what is it then, Uratha?\!"* the car asked testily.
Still bashed and breathless, Grigor took a moment or two to respond.
*"Your speed,"* he gasped, *"tell me how it's done. I won't let you go
until you do."* *"Hah\!"* The car snorted. *"Easy. I just push it into
top gear. Like this\!"* The gearstick suddently shifted itself and the
engine roared lustily, to illustrate the point. The vehicle tugged
ahead, but still Grigor held it in place. *"Nice try,"* the Rahu
growled, *"but you're going to show me, even if it takes all night\!"*

Somewhere far, far away, Father Wolf looked on and consented to give his
blessing.

[Category:Werewolf](Category:Werewolf "wikilink")
[Category:Tales](Category:Tales "wikilink")