"I need a Dog's Collar", thought Angus. Too often had he ached to change
into the Wolf Form, too often had a partial change of his nose proven
too little, too late, and too complicated.

His Ritual skills had recently improved to a level that he had learned
how to make talens and fetishes. It was now time to test his skills in
crafting a proper fetish, his very first one. After procuring the
necessary mundane substances, only the spirit to be bound into the
fetish was missing. A dog spirit was all Angus now needed and he knew
exactly where to find those: he and his pack had numerous dealings with
stray dog spirits in the sewers. Given those... aggressive dealings with
the dogs, Angus didn't think he could convince one of them to actually
help him out. Still, you have to try, he sighed. Respect all spirits.
And one of the dogs might able to be persuaded with the safety a fetish
would provide. He had no high hopes, though; his bargaining skills were
no-where as honed as [Edouard](Edouard "wikilink")'s.

Finding the dogs was easy enough. He found one of them in the sewers and
was quickly able to pin him down. "What do you want now?", growled the
dog. "I want you, or someone else. Doesn't matter. Someone of your
choir." -- "What for?" Angus knew the dog was playing for time, waiting
for his brothers to come to the scene. And he knew, he couldn't hold a
whole pack of dog spirits at bay, as [Grigor](Grigor "wikilink") had
already done. He was beginning to get angry. "I want to create a Dog's
Collar. I need a dog." -- "Oh, so you need my *help*?", the spirit asked
mischievously. This particular spirit had a way of pulling his strings.
"No, I do *not* need your help\!" Angus replied, almost hissing his
reply as his irritation was steadily turning into anger. "I'm being
polite and offering an opportunity. Perhaps you want to find out what's
going on outside of the sewers? Perhaps you need to get away from here?
Blast it\! What do I care? I could grab you right here and *drag* you
back\!"

"And how would you accomplish such a feat, Swims-under-Ice? You are no
Bear's Bane\!" Just what he needed, a second dog had arrived at the
scene. "I need not be", answered Angus. "We are a
[pack](Shadowclaws "wikilink"), and I can always return with him." --
"Oh, so you need *his* help then, to be able to fulfil your *own* duties
as an Ithaeur?" the first dog taunted. A deep growl was Angus' answer
and his claws moving warningly into the spirit's flesh. "For this to
happen", the newly-arrived dog calmly responded, "you would need to get
to him first\!" -- "No", Angus replied furiously. He didn't want to lose
his temper, but he was dangerously close to it. He ignored the feelings
of wrath rising. "We are a pack. You kill me here, Bear's Bane will
arrive here faster than you can say 'Rahu in Kuruth'." -- "Perhaps, but
*you* won't be here any more\!"

With this, the second dog charged. He was larger, and more magnificent
than the first dog Angus still had pinned to the ground. He would not be
able to fight both at the same time, Angus knew. With a quick slash of
his talon, took a large piece of flesh from the pinned dog. This would
keep it occupied for a while, he hoped. But it left the initiative to
the attacking dog. Its first tackle hit Angus hard and sent him flying.
Quickly he stood up and let his Urshul teeth bite into his foe. He
feeled the taste of sewage in his mouth, as he bit the dog. The second
attack from the spirit was even more powerful than the first. Angus was
sent skidding backwards, mauled by the hit. He felt the red haze of his
Rage arriving...

He couldn't change into Gauru now. Doing so would risk discorporating
both spirits, and Angus still wanted to keep that annoying first dog
spirit to force into his fetish. And he knew he needed to make quick
work of the second dog, otherwise his chosen target would be back in the
fight. No Gauru, plus the need to end the fight quickly... not the best
of circumstances. Tapping into his reserves, Angus jumped back into the
fight -- with both his adversaries: the spirit and his Rage. His charge
slammed the spirit to the wall. A bite into the dog's hind legs
followed. Both animals -- dog and wolf -- howling and fletching, Angus
finally landed a lucky blow and the spirit discorporated into hundreds
of shards.

Just in time, Angus thought. The haze of Rage and battle was slowly
dissipating and he saw the first dog limping away. He quickly followed
and grabbed it. "You, my friend", Angus said to the dog with delight,
"will look nice in a collar." And with great satisfaction he grabbed the
spirit and ran out of the sewers before more spirits came to intercept
him in his current, weakened state. He would have particular fun in
binding this spirit into his first fetish. Angus grinned at the thought
of this.

[Category:Werewolf](Category:Werewolf "wikilink")
[Category:Tales](Category:Tales "wikilink")