Angus sighed. [Recently](Breeding_Grounds "wikilink"), he had somehow
lost connection to their pack totem. Yes, Wissendes-Auge-der-Nacht still
came when he called, and still talked to him. But Angus had sensed what
was wrong from the beginning. The cat never mentioned anything, but
Angus had lost some of his spiritual balance. It was as if he didn't
care for the pack totem any more, Angus caught himself thinking
sometimes.

He didn't know what to do. There was no-one he could ask. He could let
his pack members know what troubled him. They trusted him to keep the
pack totem link alive. No, they *needed* him to do just that. Angus
didn't dare to think what would happen if he admitted that he had
problems "getting" spirits.

He could turn to any tribal elders and admit his weakness. Usually, he
would have started a conversation with Wissendes-Auge, but that now was
also impossible. No, he needed to do this on his own.

Angus wasn't fond of human "pulp-meditation", as he called it. Most
books and teachings on meditation were so far off, he couldn't take them
seriously. All these feel-good meditations. The point of meditations was
to clear your mind for the tasks ahead and to keep perspective. But one
of the book covers he had seen recently, of a man meditating under a
presumably ice-cold waterfall had roused his interest. He decided he
needed to go the place where he had first felt his spiritual energies,
the place where is wolf-side was born. Back to the icy caverns of the
Baltic, to hopefully find what he was missing there.

A few days later, all was set up. He had chartered a small boat, told
his pack mates that he would be gone for the day, perhaps two. He left
St Petersburg trying to find the exact location of the ice cavern once
again. His memories were hazy und unclear, but Alexandr had dug up a lot
of the police and journalistic evidence of that time. The "diving school
of carnage" they had called it. Angus was confident that he could find
the spot, given enough time.

Contrary to the first time, he didn't use his diving equipment. Checking
to see if any other ships were around, Angus changed into Urshul form,
took a deep breath and jumped into the ocean. He found the entrance to
the flooded grotto without too many difficulties. Inside, he dived up
and went ashore. The cavern was still in the same shape as he had
remembered it. Angus followed the icy walls to find the frozen fish, the
locus. There he had first found out that he could talk to spirits. There
-- even the small pick that one of the other divers had used to try to
carve the fish out of the ice was still lying on the ground. Angus let
his hand flow over the ice and touched the fish. He felt the by now
familiar tingling of his neck hairs -- it still was a locus. He wouldn't
cross just now. He merely sat down, in meditative pose and let his mind
go.

Deep in his meditation, Angus seemed to hear a whisper, from behind him.
A cold wind sent shivers down his spine. "Why did you return,
half-blood? Not many come back to their first scene of crime..." -- "I
am here to find what I am missing," replied Angus. "And what *are* you
missing?" the voice asked. "That, I do not know. That is why I am here,
and not with my pack, doing my duties. I *need* to know, otherwise I
fear I cannot fulfill the duties placed upon us."

"Why are you in the pack?"

"I am the Alpha."

"Why are you the Alpha?"

"No-one will make the decisions, if not for me."

"That is not a reason... The Alpha should give the pack more than the
other members can, otherwise they wouldn't accept you as the Alpha. You
are not the best warrior -- Grigor is. You are not the best covert man
-- Alexandr is. You cannot offer insights into the mortal ways, Edouard
knows far more and is more persuasive than you. Not even in the Spirit
world do you know more than your packmember Grigori. He has never
forgotten a single tale in his entire life\!"

"I am the ritemaster. This is what I can offer."

"That is not exclusive\! Even Grigor has started to learn Rites, and
Grigori would make a fine ritemaster, if he took it up. Being ritemaster
is not what you offer to the pack."

"Grigori would be a respectable ritemaster, if he weren't so phlegmatic.
He's content to let others do work that is needed. I can't. Some things
need to be done, even if they are unpleasent. The pack is greater than
the sum of its parts, but without a stern Alpha hand, there is no pack.
Only disorganised wolves pretending that a pack totem is all you need."

"Yes, Storm Lord, you *do*. You make decisions, you act, you plan. Some
of these decisions are bad, some acts go awry, and some plans fail.
Still, you do. Now, you are feeling lost. But as long as you are
searching for something, you know that you are missing something. The
real problem only arises if you stop searching. That's when you stop to
care and lose your ties to the spiritual world."

Angus awoke, lying on the icy ground. His body was partly frozen into
the ice, he groaned as he broke himself out of the icy prison. He wasn't
sure with whom, or with what, he had talked. He shifted back into Urshul
form, before the frozen limbs took even more damage. His body started to
channel his healing and his thick fur kept him rather warm, even though
he stood in an ice cavern.

"I thank you for letting me stay in your domain, ice-spirit" Angus
growled in the First Tongue to the locus. "Please accept this as a token
of my appreciation." He lumped bits of crushed ice together, bit into
his own leg and let the blood, and essence, drip into the ice. He moved
the blood-ice next to the locus focus point and bowed slightly.

He waited for his body to heal the self-inflicted wound and then jumped
back into the ice-cold water, returning to his boat. It was time to reap
the reward of his work: the hate of those you guard.

[Category:Werewolf](Category:Werewolf "wikilink")
[Category:Tales](Category:Tales "wikilink")