Nadja smiled as Angus returned from the woods, signalling her to
disembark from the car. Since she had agreed to stay inside the
boundaries set by Angus restricteand his [pack](Shadowclaws "wikilink"),
she had little opportunity to leave the district. This was a welcome
diversion. It was also, at least that's what Angus had told her, the
best way to contact her grandfather and tell him what happened after he
left.

They went up a small hill, into a copse of spruces. Angus took a few
candles out of his pockets and begun arranging them in a certain
fashion. Then he laid a dead rabbit down on the needle-strewn floor,
still bleeding slightly. She realized it didn't shock her nearly as much
as it should - too much had happened since she had recovered from the
terrible injury that had left a huge scar across her torso two weeks
ago. Her relationship with Angus - though somewhat hesitantly pursued
from her side - had taken her into a world she hadn't even dreamed of
before. It still filled her with a certain disbelief when she was
confronted with the fact that much of what was considered superstition
by the public was actually real. Yet here she was, trying to send a
message to her grandfather via a spirit.

While Angus sat down cross-legged and began an incantation in a sonoric
voice - at least that's what she thought it was, since none of the
sounds he made were anything near words - her thoughts drifted back to
when she first awoke after her injury. [Edouard
Lambert](Edouard_Lambert "wikilink"), a packmate of Angus, had been
keeping watch over her. She had been stunned to realise the wealth
displayed in his appartment - before then, she had considered werewolves
as savage beasts, housing as Angus did in run-down buildings. Yet
Edouard was a successful businessman, and seemed to have money aplenty.

The pack had been very protective of her, and as Angus told her some
uncomfortable truths about the world she lived in, she had started to
realise that her life would be vastly different from now on. No longer
would she be able to run away from the pack and hide from the dark truth
- now she was fully embroiled in the conflicts that raged behind the
curtain of 'scientific reality'. And after all, it wasn't that bad. Most
packmembers were quite nice when she got to know them closer, and Angus
wasn't even bad-looking. Besides that touch of unboundd ferocity all
werewolves possessed, he was quite an attractive young Scotsman. Only
[Grigor](Grigor "wikilink") scared her everytime she saw him. She could
sense the rage and fury burning behind his eyes, and her scar started to
ache everytime he got to close. She suspected his claws would match it
quite well. Luckily, he kept out of her way most of the time.

She snapped back to reality as Angus' sonorous howling aprubtly stopped,
only to be replaced by another voice. A small wolf had manifested before
the Ritemaster and started feasting on the rabbit. Between the huge
chunks it ripped out of the dead mammal, it spoke in a strange voice,
reminiscent of a howl. Somehow she knew that this wolf, real as it
seemed in the twilight of the copse, was not a creature of this world.
She just hoped the fear that gripped her didn't show too openly on her
face.

'What did you call me for, Ithaeur?'

'I want you to do something for me.', Angus responded in Russian.

'And what makes you think I would grant it to you, Forsaken?', the
strange creature responded.

'I can offer you something in reward.'

'Why do you thing you have something I want?'

'Because there is something all of you want.', Angus said, putting his
left arm in the mouth of the creature. Nadja let of a scream as the
creature bit, ripping a chunk of flesh out of the Ithaeurs forearm. Only
a small twitch of the eyes revealed the pain the young man had to feel
as the creature swallowed the flesh and nodded approvingly.

'Very well. Here is the deal. I will find whom you want to be contacted,
and deliver a message. You, on the other hand, will hunt down the men
who have been preying on my kind in these woods.'

Angus showed no reaction. At first she thought that the flesh of his arm
slowly healing itself took all his concentration, but when he answered,
it appeared that he had been thinking on his reply. He later told her
that hunting wolves in this woods was forbidden, so the men hunting them
had to be poachers. If it had been officially condoned, he would have
had to find another way to pay the spirit for its service.

'Very well. I will hunt for you whom you cannot best, if you hunt for me
whom I cannot catch.'

'Then tell me whom you want caught, and what message I shall bring him.'

Nadja waited as Angus gave some details about her grandfather - the
little information the two of them had been able to dig up the nights
before - and then pointed to her.

'This young women will give you the message to relay.'

Although Angus had told her as much, words couldn't prepare her for what
she felt as the spirit turned its attention on her.

'So, my kin, what message do you want me to bear your ancestor?'

'I ... well. I guess you can tell him that I am now with the ... the
alpha of the pack that freed him from his burden. That I am safe ... or
at least I think so.'

She cursed herself silently. She had a speech prepared, but the
otherworldly gaze of the creature and its strange words upset and
confused her.

'I ... I hope he is well. Tell him I miss him. Tell him Grigori
explained to me why he left. Why he couldn't stay in a town without
going mad ... or even madder, as things are. Tell him I understand. I
... I hope to hear from him at some time. All of this is so ...
confusing. I ...'

She looked at Angus. Although she had suspected he would be present, she
realised she didn't want to speak about all her feelings in his
presence. Not yet.

'I guess I will be happy here.'

She looked away, no longer able to bear looking at the wolf.

'Is this all, Granddaughter?'

She nodded slowly, still looking away, covering her torso and the aching
scar with her arms. Why granddaughter?

'Very well. We will not meet again, I guess. Sad.'

And with these words, the creature vanished. She stood there, confused,
cold and afraid, until Angus put an arm around her and slowly led her to
the car. She could feel the warm blood from his still bleeding wound,
but she didn't care right now. All she cared about was not to repeat
this experience anytime soon, and protection from the strange entities
that threatened this world. Protection she hoped to find in the arms of
a werewolf, she thought sarcastically.

[Category:Werewolf](Category:Werewolf "wikilink")
[Category:Tales](Category:Tales "wikilink")