[Edouard](Edouard "wikilink") entered the hotel lobby, putting up his
usual smile. He looked around, trying to figure out who the people here
where. Finding out who sponsored [Neighbours for
Neighbours](Neighbours_for_Neighbours "wikilink") should give him a
first lead on what they were up to. For a simple neighbourhood watch
scheme, they were far to well organised and connected.
[Whisper-in-the-night](Vanka_Iosiforna "wikilink") tugged on his arm,
calling his attention over to a man who stood a bit to the side. [Eris
Bobrov](Eris_Bobrov "wikilink"), head of [Admiralteyski Police
Department](Admiralteyski_Police_Department "wikilink") East. What on
earth was he doing here? The evening promised to be interesting ...

The invitation had reached him a week ago. An invitation to a gala
dinner, to give the top sponsors of Neighbours for Neighbours an
impression of how much good their donations did. And to collect some
more donations, of course. He had briefly considered taking [Alena
Eristoff](Alena_Eristoff "wikilink") with him, but then decided
otherwise. He did not want her involved, and he remembered his mentor
repeatedly asking him about his progress with Neighbours for Neighbours.
It seemed they were a nuisance in the [Glasfelle](Glasfelle "wikilink")
territory, too. So he offered her to accompany him.

His worries that Alena might be envious proved wrong. She even offered
to give Whisper-in-the-night a crash course in 'how on earth you walk in
these fucking shoes', and went looking for a dress with her. It took him
some time to realise that Alena was familiar enough with werewolves to
know that he'd be betraying far more than her trust with Vanka.

So now here they were, two Shepherds among the herd, looking for signs
of trouble. And the presence of a simple police officer among the rich
elite was certainly one. As they took their place at a table, Edouard
again went over some of the more refined rules of etiquette for the
evening. After all, they did not want to draw any undue attention, and
he could see that Vanka felt totally out of place. Then the opening
ceremony started with a speech by some guy in a disgustingly expensive
suit. Edouard needed a moment to recall the face, then it hit him. It
was none other than [Miika Kovalov](Miika_Kovalov "wikilink"), owner of
several magazines, newspapers and TV channels. [Admiralteyski
Wochenblatt](Admiralteyski_Wochenblatt "wikilink") was among them. No
wonder they were so infatuated with Neighbours for Neighbours.

In the course of the evening, Edouard more than once noticed Miika
talking to Eris. Sadly, he was not able to find out what exactly it was
they had to discuss. Still, he could get a good picture of the people at
the dinner. There were the usual suspects, the socialites you could find
at almost any dinner from any organisation. But there were also more men
like Miika who, while not quite as filthy rich, all had at least some
vested interest in the area Neighbours for Neighbours operated in.
Shopping malls, bureau centers, clubs and discos - you name it, someone
here probably owned one of those things in central Admiralteyski. And
most of them were the kind of man who wouldn't mind a couple bodies on
his conscience if it increased his profit. Petersburg's economy was a
harsh plaster.

They left the dinner with most of the other patrons. Staying too long
would undoubtedly have drawn attention. On the taxi home, little was
said. Both he and Vanka were sufficiently paranoid not to trust the
driver. When they had left the cab between their respective territory,
Vanka waited until the cab had pulled away, glanced around to make sure
there were no observers, then shifted to Dalu simply ripping through her
dress.

*"Boy are those things uncomfortable. I sure hope they don't plan
another dinner anytime soon."*

She smiled as Edouard cringed. That dress had cost more than Vanka
earned in a year.

*"I have to say I'm impressed. You got an in to these Neighbours that
would have been completely out of my reach. Seems there is more you can
get from the rich than just money."*

Edouard nodded. *"It seems they have a nice scheme running here.
Probably offering increased protection to their top sponsors. Building a
small private army to make sure they're safe from thugs."*

*"There's more."*, Vanka repiled. *"There's been some really unpleasant
incidents with some of the local shop owners. Neighbours for Neighbours
were there and caught the villains, but only after the damage was done.
Seems they use them to get rid of unwanted competition, too."*

*"Makes sense. I wonder, though, how the Mafia is going to react.
Bullying small business is their territory, after all."*

*"We'll see. The Neighbours are on good terms with the police. I wonder
what Eris' profit in this is. Probably fast promotion. Probably more.
I'll keep my ears open."*

*"And I'll check how deep the impact on the local economy already is.
Should we do anything against them?"*

*"Not yet. I want to get to the core of this. If we strike premature
we'll just provoke a war. Perhaps we can cut their heart out without
causing any trouble."*

*"Ok. I'll hear from you."* Edouard turned to walk back to his flat. A
bit of cold air to clear his thoughts would be perfect now. He really
lusted for a deer or similar prey to cross his path, but he knew the
likelyhood of that in a metropolis like Petersburg. After a few steps,
Vanka called after him.

*"Edouard\! One more thing. Welcome to the lodge."*

[Category:Werewolf](Category:Werewolf "wikilink")
[Category:Tales](Category:Tales "wikilink")