The Wasteland, concrete desert, shades of gray. The absence of spirits
in Hisil leaves our side of the gauntlet emotionally devastated. People
fled the area, mostly without even knowing why. The empty houses and
streets produce no essence, so why should the spirits come back? A
vicious circle.

We have done our deal in the spirit world and we try to make the quarter
attractive for people again. But still, the area is nothing like it was
before. We can do more, need to do more to bring back life here.

Shovel: Check\! Seedlings: Check\! Fertilizer: Check\! Winter is a hell
of a time for planting, so gas-can and nozzle: Check\! Yeah, that will
be fun. The car is parked not too close, so it will be quite some way to
walk. No moon disturbs the starry sky, although the smog of the city
does its part to diminish the brilliance of the sparkling. Defective
street lighting has its benefits, Aleksandr thought, hushing from shadow
to shadow. Tonight, the Wilhelmplatz will be pimped. If Aleksandr only
knew to what extent...

The square is empty, some few lights leak out of the surrounding
windows. The shovel in his hand, Aleksandr started to remove the tiles
of the pavement. Although they are a little weathered, the frozen ground
had a tight grip on them. About twenty minutes later he managed to
extract three tiles close to the houses. Bathed in sweat, he put the
shovel away. That was the easy part. From the backpack Aleksandr
summoned the gas-can. Like in the old days, he mumbled. But no, tonight
is not about destruction. At least that was what he thought. The ignited
flame of the gas-can tinted Aleksandrs face turquoise and he started
melting the icy ground.

Carefully he put the ivy-seedlings into the ground, together with a
little fertilizer for the spring. With small beads of glue he fixed the
thin branches onto the walls. A few months later they will stick there
on their own. Suddenly two beams of light cut into the Wilhelmplatz,
followed by a sore roar. Aleksandr pressed himself onto the wall and
held his breath. A huge truck drove onto the square, heading for the
center. What on earth...? Aleksandr could not make out any details, but
it seemed that one or more figures got out of the truck, depositing
something on the square. Dumping trash? Here? Seemed like a strange
idea. The figures got back inside and the vehicle moved slowly away.
What the heck did they put there? Aleksandr squeezed his eyes and could
make out a faint red glow on the object before a bright flash blinded
him, followed by an ear deafening detonation. The shockwave swept across
the square, hit his body and smashed him into the wall. Then there was
darkness.

Aleksandr awoke in an awkward position. His joints were bent and
twisted, like those of a puppet with cut strings. His scull felt too
small for his throbbing brain, the piercing headache numbing his
thoughts. What happened? Where was he? Aleksandr rubbet his temples. But
apart from his condition something else was wrong. This looked like,
yes, like the Wilhelmplatz. But since when... Aleksandrs eyes went big.
Chunks of concrete and debris all over the place. Even more disturbing:
A tree. A full blown, completely decorated Christmas Tree right in the
crater in the middle of the square. Shiny red balls, candles, all the
shebang. This is crazy. He leaned against the wall. In the beginning the
Guerilla Gardening seemed like a nice idea. But this is way over the
top. This is getting out of control.

Some people staring in disbelief. Sirens in the distance. Aleksandr just
realized that his presence as well as his equipment may raise some
uncomfortable questions. Quickly he grabbed his gear and limped away.

[Category:Werewolf](Category:Werewolf "wikilink")
[Category:Tales](Category:Tales "wikilink")
