## Preparation

"You got it?" [Angus](Angus "wikilink") asked. "Yes, just arrived. I'm
sending you the files right now" [Edouard](Edouard "wikilink") replied.
*Claidheamh m√≤r and the Highland Problem*, by Alistair MacDuff. The only
known copy of that book was the private property of some obscure
American industrialist of Scottish descent. Angus had been able to
pinpoint the location, but he hadn't been able to get a copy. Edouard
had, somehow. Only a digital copy, probably photographed the pages, but
that was enough, Angus thought.

Angus sighed. He had read countless books and internet web pages on
Claymores since he had decided to get himself a sword for his next Tribe
meeting. And not just any sword would do, so he started to research
Scottish late-medieval swords. He felt a bit like one of those American
emigrants... being so far away from home and frantically digging for
some "roots", something that would tell the others that he was, indeed,
Scottish. He had always despised the Americans for digging in their
family history, trying to find some -- *any* -- weak link to Scottish
ancestors and then proudly buying some silly tartans from a web shop.
And now he was in a similar position: painstakingly analysing his family
history, and trying to find the best "sword fit" for him.

## Steel

"[Grigori](Grigori "wikilink"), ever heard something about a
*tamahagame* -- or something similar?" Angus asked his packmate. "Sounds
somewhat familiar, in what context did you hear this?" the knowledgeable
werewolf replied. "You know the Claymore designs that we discussed a few
days back? I've decided on the type of sword I'd like and I'm beginning
to ask around what else I need. [Shuro
Koshonin](Shuro_Koshonin "wikilink") told me I'd need one of these
tamahagames, and that I should talk to him once I've found out what
exactly that is. He can help me make one." -- "Ah, now I've got it. I
saw a good documentary on Japanese sword-smiths once. Tama-hagame is
Japanese for jewel-steel, literally. It's a traditional way of
generating steel for their katana sword-smiths, I think. It's supposed
to be very pure, materially and spiritually. Whatever those documentary
film guys thought of as spiritually pure, at least." Angus always
wondered how the pack would manage without Grigori. Ask him about
*anything* and even if he doesn't know the topic, he at least knows
enough starters to get the research going. Some kind of Japanese steel
Shuro was talking about? For a *Scottish* greatsword?

Angus met "Dancing Shadow" in the no-mans-land between the claimed
territory of their two packs. Although that no-mans-land was reduced due
to the [recent acquisitions of the
Shadowclaws](Breeding_Grounds "wikilink"), it was still rather large.
"You've found out what I was talking about?" the wiry Hunter in Darkness
asked. Angus nodded, "It's Japanese steel, what they used to smith their
swords with". "Not entirely correct", Shuro answered, "but it'll
suffice. Tama-hagame is, indeed, a Japanese type of steel, but it's a
steel of the finest quality. It's materially, and more importantly,
spiritually pure. To create tama-hagame, one needs to build a *tatara*,
a traditional iron melting furnace and ask the Japanese gods to help and
guide the process. I know the ways and secrets to build a tatara. I can
supply the materials needed to create the steel. But I need someone who
can call the spirits and guide the rituals accompaigning the tatara. If
you are willing to help me on that count, then I will give you enough
steel to forge a sword -- even one as large as those greatswords you
Scotsmen cherish."

\---

It was cold outside. They were far away from [St
Petersburg](Petersburg "wikilink"), in the woods and wilderness. Angus
saw a few men checking their tools, stokes and shovels. He saw a huge
pile of charcoal, of sand, of loose earth, clay, wood, bricks lying
around. The past days he had memorised his part of this ritual: the
calling and persuasion of the Japanese gods to bless and purify the
materials and the smelting process, above all calling for the help of
Kanayago, the patron Shinto deity of metal.

Angus would need to stay here for many days -- he hoped that nothing
unforeseen would happen in his territory in this time. He started the
purification ritual and Shuro and his men would begin to build the
tatara. First, they would dig an underground structure, complete with
drains, air ducts and regulators. On top of that, ash and charcoal are
spread in layers, with Angus, the Hunter in Darkness, and the men
stomping on the ground to compact the mass. From clay, clay bricks are
produced and put on top of the coals.

"Now, the process begins" Shuro smiled. "You will need to help -- it
will take 72 hours during which we will not be able to sleep\!" A fire
was started under the clay bricks, and layer upon layer of sand and
charcoal is added to the tatara. Every half-hour Shuro would signal the
men that a new layer needed to be added. By now, the fire was
tremendously hot. Shuro checked the temperature by looking at the colour
of the flames and constantly increased or decreased it, to keep an even
temperature.

After the three days and three nights were over, Shuro was content. He
had not spoken much during the long hours, but now he signalled to his
men to tear down the walls of the tatara. Inside, there was a large
piece of steel: nearly 2 metres in length, 1 metre wide and at least
20cm of height. Koshonin seemed content. "This is the steel. Now we wait
for it to cool down, and I can then cut out the parts by quality. You
can now return to the city, I will bring you the promised steel as soon
as I have it done."

## Fire

There had been a large fire somewhere in the territory. Angus had used
his contacts with [Nievo Ashkov](Nievo_Ashkov "wikilink") to find this
out. He had been waiting for this very occasion.
[Grigor](Grigor "wikilink") was alrady informed and they both knew what
to do. A quick call and both werewolves were on their way to the fire
site.

"So we're doing this now?" Grigor asked. "Yes, let's get some fire
spirits into this box and then we need to go to the [Court of Fire and
Steel](Spirits_of_Fire_and_Steel "wikilink")... that'll be the more
difficult task\!" Grigor growled "I know... you need me as a backup." --
"Honestly? Grigor, if I can't talk with the Spirits of Fire and Steel,
there *is* no backup. I need you to get us both out of there alive,
then\!"

They arrived at the fire. A large comerical building was up in flames.
Probably another of those gang violences, Angus thought. Well, the fire
is there, might as well get some use out of it\! At least he needn't
start a fire himself, he was relieved. A quick look into the spiritual
world, and there were indeed a few fire spirits already feeding on (or
being born from) the fires. "Right, let's move in there\!" and he
grabbed the box he had prepared already. The box, marked with Uratha
ward runes and which held a spirit of asbestos was to hold the fire
spirits, once he had bound them. Easy enough to build that one, Angus
thought. All too easy to get asbestos spirits from all those old
soviet-era buildings. "Just check if anyone is looking, and if they are,
try and get the firemen to start on the other side of the building"
Angus told the Rahu. Grigor nodded and moved forward.

\---

Returning with singed clothes, Angus nevertheless was content. "I've got
them", he said to Grigor. "Two Gafflings, let's hope that will be
enough\!" They returned to their headquarters, and entered the Shadow
World via the pack's [home locus](Old_radio "wikilink"). They changed
into Urshul and quickly made their way to the
[Heimeligkeitsfenster](Heimeligkeitsfenster "wikilink"). The pack did
have access here, Angus thought, but at some time in the future they'd
have to start to claim the locus fully. It was just too conveniently
located, and too important strategically for both: the pack and the
court.

They both stood at the locus, looking around. There usually was at least
one spirit of fire and steel around, even if the resonance of the locus
did not fit perfectly. And there it was. A towering being of flames,
growing by the second. "You seem to want something", it hissed,
"otherwise you wouldn't be standing here\!" The Ithaeur stepped forward.
"Indeed I do. I need one of your kind to fire a forge." The spirit came
closer to Angus, the fire cracking and hissing around him. Grigori
stepped forward, but Angus motioned him to stay back. "A forge, you
say?" Ever closer the eyes came to the werewolf. "A forge? I assume
you'll be smithing *weapon* then, eh? Now, normal weapons would be used
against humans, we have nothing against that. But a forge? You'll be
smithing archaic weapons... a sword?" Angus nodded. "A sword it is...
guns are used against humans. Swords, on the other hand... swords are
klaives, swords are used against spirits\! Why should we help you with
that?" Angus gulped. He had known this would not be easy. Edouard would
have been better at talking to the spirits, in any case, but he wanted
to do the main tasks mostly by himself. It was supposed to be his sword,
after all. He gave Grigor the signal and the Blood Talon opened the
container box he had been given by Angus. "Forging a sword, a steel
sword by one of the finest swordsmiths of our time, forging in the
traditional manner. This will take time and it will generate a lot of
Essence. Essence of the fully correct type you need. Essence you can
keep all for yourself. Also, I have these, which I would gift to your
court" -- Angus indicated to the fire spirits held in the box -- "for
you to consume, or do whatever you like with." The spirit moved to the
box and greedily looked inside. "And, of course, I don't think I need to
tell you this, but the sword will be made in any case -- with, or
without your help. Wouldn't it be better for you to know exactly *what*
kind of sword was forged? Firsthand information? But you've probably
seen that already, haven't you?" A hint of taunting lay in his words,
Angus couldn't refrain from that. It was time he learned a few
negotiating tricks from Edouard, he thought.

\---

The fire spirit stood for a while, quietly crackling and seemingly not
present. After a while, life came back to him, and a second fire spirit
arrived. Much larger, much more alive than the first one. "We agree" the
newly arrived Jaggling said. "But you may only forge this one sword,
after which our brother will be free and you have to return him safely
here." Angus smiled "If you promise to help fire a forge and smith one
sword to the very best of your abilities, I will promise that the fire
spirit will be returned to you in good health." He released the fire
spirits from his container, which were immediately consumed by the newly
arrived Jaggling. "I will call on you once I have the forge set up."

## Sword

Well, time to get someone to actually *make* the sword then, Angus
thought. [Aleksandr](Aleksandr "wikilink") had been saying that some
Iron Masters were actually craftsmen, that there was even an entire
[lodge](lodge "wikilink"), the [smiths](smiths "wikilink"), dedicated to
craftsmanship and smithing in particular. The Storm Lord went to visit
his packmate in his home, and found the Irraka sitting in front of his
computer, wild and seemingly random lines of letters and numbers flying
past on the screens. "Vodka?" Aleksandr asked. "It's the newest Editor's
Choice of *Vodka Weekly*\!" Angus helped himself.

"So, you said a while back that some of your tribe are actually, you
know, literal masters of iron? Anyone here in St Petersburg that could
forge a sword for me?" -- "A swordsmith, he?" Aleksandr smiled. Storm
Lords really were old-fashioned. He preferred a submachinegun over a
sword any time, but hey -- as long as his Alpha got things working he
couldn't complain. At least he need not fight with him over who will get
future weapon spoils then. Only with Grigor, and that would be difficult
enough... "Well, there is a lodge of Smiths. And the most legendary
swordsmith, at least here in Europe, is [Smauri "Forgesoul"
Ivarrson](Smauri_"Forgesoul"_Ivarrson "wikilink"). He's old, very old.
And no-one can surpass his skill. He lives in recluse on Iceland
nowadays, though. Not much chance you can contact him, and he doesn't
move any more." -- "So, he can help me how?" Angus interrupted. "Well,
he does have an apprentice. Lukka "Smoking Iron" Holmsdottir is her
name, I think. She is looking to make her name as an excellent
fetish-smith. I think you'll like the price -- she does make excellent
quality, but can't charge accordingly, yet. She needs to build up a
reputation that why she offers to make klaives if the bearer will
dedicate the first feat done with the klaive to her, so that her tales
of glory will increase." -- "Can you set up a meeting with her? You said
she travels, will she come to St Petersburg?" Aleksandr nodded. "I
believe I can set up a meeting, and yes, I believe she travels around
the world to seek new knowledge and traditional ways to forge weapons."

\---

"You said that you had *tamahagame*?" Angus looked at the Iron Master
woman. She didn't seem the swordsmith-type. She was tall, but slender.
More wiry than muscular. He knew enough werewolves to not let himself
fool by appearances. "I have. And a spirit of a steel forge that will
provide the fire needed." -- "Can I see it? The *tamahagame*?" Angus
shrugged, and stood up, getting the two small iron cuboids he had gotten
from Koshonin. He gave both to Lukka, whose eyes widened as she reached
for the metal. She closed her eyes while feeling the surface of both
metal pieces. "One is the harder, and one is the softer metal. I will
forge both into many, many layers, so that the resulting sword will be
both hard and sharp, but at the same time flexible, and won't break
easily. Tamahagame... how did you get it? The Japanese make so little of
it nowadays, and they *never* let it out of the country. And this is...
correctly purified, I think. Not made by mortals, I mean. It's
perfect... have you got any more?" Angus didn't understand why the Iron
Master got all excited over a piece of metal. "I don't have any more. If
you're so interested in this, I might be able to ask around, see if I
can get some more." -- "Do\! This much metal? You shouldn't be able to
get this much outside of Japan."

Angus showed her to the abandoned industry building where he had set up
a small forge. "Will this do?" he asked. "The fire will be provided a
spirit, who will listen to your commands. It can be as hot, or as cool,
as you need it to be. Could you use this ice-water, and snow to cool the
finished blade? I might want to bind a storm, or an ice spirit into it,
and that might help. He had gone on another boating trip to get large
tanks full of icy Baltic water, and snow from outside of St Petersburg.
All stored in a large freezer now, here in the building. Lukka nodded,
and set herself to work.

\---

Lukka had called Angus on the phone. The sword was ready, she had said.
Angus held it in his hands. Judging by his (sparse) knowledge, a fine
blade indeed. At least it felt good, and was easy to wield. "It is done"
the smith said. "Remember though, the first deed of that sword is mine,
not yours to claim\!" Angus nodded. "I won't forget." Lukka pointed to
the sword. "I consider it my finest work, yet. It is perfect for a
klaive, all the preparations, all the materials used, spirits will die
to be part of that klaive. It is ready. You can now bind your spirits
into it."

The Storm Lord laughed. "First, I need to learn how to use one of
these\!" And, still smiling, he left the building.

[Category:Werewolf](Category:Werewolf "wikilink")
[Category:Tales](Category:Tales "wikilink")