Light flashed in rhythm to the loud beat as
[Aleksandr](Aleksandr "wikilink") entered the club. It was one of the
many middle-class techno clubs found in this part of the town, west of
the territory of [Schatten der Zaren](Schatten_der_Zaren "wikilink").
His eyes took a bit of time adjusting from the darkness outside, then he
set off to find [Yelena Petrova](Yelena_Petrova "wikilink"). It would be
no use trying to call her cell phone in this infernal noise.

After some time, he found the young werewolf on the dancefloor. She
smiled at him and moved over, brushing a string of hair out of her face.
Sweat was glistening on her skin.

*"Hey Aleksandr\!"*

Yelena had to scream to make herself heard. At least there would be no
eavesdroppers. He raised a hand in greeting while she glanced to the
flashing disco ball on the ceiling. Her mouth moved, but he could not
make out any words. Then she looked back at him.

*"Come dance, it'll be a while before he contacts us. No reason not to
have some fun in the meantime."*

Aleksandr waited briefly if she'd explain herself further, but as that
didn't seem to be the case he just joined her on the crowded dancefloor.
The crowd closed in on him, and he smiled as he tried to imagine how
they would have reacted if Grigor or even Bloodfist was in his place.
He'd likely have half the dancefloor to himself.

He must have been dancing for at least half an hour when Yelena finally
touched his shoulder and nodded towards the northern end of the club.
Aleksandr followed her, pushing his way through the mass of bodies. He
felt his anger rise as an elbow hit him in the side. *Lose control in
here and there will be a bloodbath*, he thought. Then they left the
dancefloor and the crowd grew thinner. Yelena stood next to him,
pointing at the northern wall. She was screaming at him, but he couldn't
make out the words over the noise of music and crowd. All he could see
was a screen covering part of the wall, showing some weird psychedelic
video. At least it wasn't a cheap porno. Again Yelena screamed
something, and again most of it was swallowed by background noise. Did
she say Hisil? He concentrated, blinked and tried to look at the other
side of the gauntlet. There were spirits here, likely feeding on the
emotions of the densely packed crowd. Then he noticed. The screen was
suspiciously clear. It showed a man, standing in a crowd just like them,
looking straight at him. When he spoke, the noise kind of faded to the
background.

*"Aleksandr, I take it? Welcome to the lodge of Lightning. My Name is
[André Fazegas](André_Fazegas "wikilink"). I take it you contacted us
with a purpose?"*

The noise went loud again while Aleksandr stood there, watching the
screen and the crowd. No one seemed to take note. Why would they? People
looking wide-eyed at the screen, even speaking to themselves, were
hardly conspicuous in a place where half the crowd was under the
influence of whatever drugs they could get. When he began to talk, he
could again hear the noise fading to the background.

*"So far I have -of course- heard some things about the 'Lodge of
Lightning'. At least enough to trigger serious interest. Now is the time
to separate fact from fiction, rumours from the truth. What does the
'Lodge of Lightning' stand for? What is expected from their members? How
can the Lodge benefit from me? How do their members benefit from the
Lodge? What is necessary to join?"*

André smiled.

*"That is a lot of question. I'll try and make it brief.*

*We are one of the youngest lodges among the Forsaken, founded when
electricity began to see wide-spread use. Yet we have changed the most
in our history. That alone should tell you much about us. This world we
live in is not the same the generation before us had to endure. Nor will
it be for those who come after us. Everything changes quickly these
days. As Iron Masters, we are of a tribe that has always been open to
change. Our lodge emphasises this aspect. We don't strive to adapt to
conditions when they have changed. We strive to adapt before they do.
Take the internet, for example. It has changed the world in more ways
than anyone can imagine. It has changed the Hisil as well. Many
phenomena are no longer local, nor can they be kept local. We were the
first to realise that, before social networks even started, before
twitter or youtube or whatnot. What you witness now is one of our
adaptions. We stay in touch, around the world, on a channel no hacker is
ever gonna crack. If something new shows in the Hisil, we are the first
to know. It might give you the one extra hour you need before it hits
your city.*

*So, what do we want from our members? To live the ideal, as good as you
can. Try to predict the changes, be ready when they hit. Try to learn
the difference between an odd occurence that is not going to repeat
itself and a new danger that might spread through the Hisil like a
wildfire. You are an Irraka, right? Your job is to be out and about,
picking up on the newest developments, crushing problems before they
even arise. There is a lot of new technology that makes this easier.
Don't make the mistake of assuming it's all limited to the world you
were born in. Oh, and most of all, be ready. Every ready. The city never
sleeps.*

*That is how we will benefit from you. If you pick up something new,
something that will affect more than your territory, don't just warn
your pack. Share it with us. Maybe we can help work out a response. If
not, at least it will give us time to prepare. Stay in touch. It's the
same way that you will benefit from us. We stay in touch. You might get
an early warning about something that might have otherwise hit you out
of nowhere. You might get the ban to that new und unknown spirit
threatening your locus. Oh, and we can help you learn ways to use all
the new gadgets. In this world, and in the Hisil.*

*So that's that. Guess now you think about if you're still interested,
and if you are you just call me back. Have fun, kids."*

Without warning, the screen went black, and the noise crashed in around
Aleksandr like a wave. The meeting was over. Looking around, Aleksandr
noticed that Yelena had already started moving back to the dancefloor.
The night was still young.

Hours later, Aleksandr left the club, heading back to
[Shadowclaw](Shadowclaws "wikilink") territory. His ears were still
buzzing from the noise, but he knew he'd be fine in a couple minutes.
There were some definite advantages to being a werewolf. André had not
explained how exactly their communication had worked, but Aleksandr
already had some ideas. And that, after all, was going to be his test.
He smiled when he thought about the last words from André. It was such a
typical way for Iron Masters to state their challenge.

[Category: Werewolf](Category:_Werewolf "wikilink") [Category:
Tales](Category:_Tales "wikilink")