The fight in the sewers was a long campaign fought by the pack against
the [Great Slimy One](Great_Slimy_One "wikilink") and a number of
criminal elements in the district administration.

### Prelude

The whole problem started when a part of a southern mafia organisation
(not the one [Grigor](Grigor "wikilink") was part of) started disposing
hazardous waste into the sewers for various companies, bribing parts of
the district administration.

((I'm a bit uncertain about the timeline here. It's been a while, and
I'm not getting any younger. Feel free to help out by correcting stuff))

The pack became aware of the problem as a spirit fleeing the Hisil
claimed the son of an important businessman (and member of the mafia
Grigor is part of) in the area. The pack hunted him down and extracted
the spirit, just to find out that there's something strange going on.
Further investigation revealed a company involved in illegal deals
inside the packs territory. While the Irraka and some of his human
associates broke into the company's headquarter to gather more
information on the enterprise, the Rahu and his mafia friends took the
entire factory where the missing man had been found out -- it was a
bloodbath. Finally, the Ithaeur was able to identify the spot where the
waste was dumped into the sewer, and used his job at the [St Petersburg
Sewage and Waste
Authority](St_Petersburg_Sewage_and_Waste_Authority "wikilink") to bring
the matter to the attention of the public.

### Spirit Attacks

At the same time, there was a series of attacks by three different
maggaths. A strange mutation of rusty steel pipes killed several
citizens, before [Angus](Angus "wikilink") and
[Grigor](Grigor "wikilink") managed to put it down. An acid fly harassed
several of the packmembers, before they could pin the spirit down and
discorporate it. A strange aggression seemed to grip most of the dogs in
the territory, until the pack found their locus attacked by a dog-wrath
maggath. Their Rahu was able to best it in a duel, forcing it to leave
the area for at least a hundred years. The pack met [Nadja
Ivanetsch](Nadja_Ivanetsch "wikilink"), a possibly innocent girl that
unluckily got muddled up in the affairs. Eventually, they traced these
attacks back to the [Great Slimy One](Great_Slimy_One "wikilink"), which
had made a move to eject the werewolves from the area, thereby
eliminating one of the major remaining threats to its rule.

### Fighting in the Sewers

In the following weeks, the pack scouted the spirit side of the sewers,
seeking knowledge about their enemy and allies for the fight. They were
eventually able to bring some steel spirits in alongside them, and
learned a ritual to turn the locus of contaminated water into one of
clean water with the help of the [Prince of the
River](Prince_of_the_River "wikilink"). If successful, this would
directly cut off the [Great Slimy One](Great_Slimy_One "wikilink")'s
essence supply, preventing his "rebirth". However, the locus was still
guarded by the powerful spirit itself, and it had assembled a loyal
court of followers, along with some allied spirit courts.

### The Final Battle

The resulting battle was the most epic fought by the pack to date. They
infiltrated the locus, attacked from different angles, discorporated the
[Great Slimy One](Great_Slimy_One "wikilink") after a heroic struggle
and held control of the locus long enough for their Ithaeur to complete
the ritual. The [Great Slimy One](Great_Slimy_One "wikilink") was
destroyed, but the power vacuum he left behind would give the pack
troubles for quite some time, still.

[Category:Werewolf](Category:Werewolf "wikilink")
[Category:Tales](Category:Tales "wikilink")