[Grigor](Grigor "wikilink") paced down a busy evening street, an ugly
scowl on his face. He had just had a heated argument with
[Angus](Angus "wikilink"), which had left him in a foul mood. The
[pack](Shadowclaws "wikilink")'s alpha had made his concern over
Grigor's recent conduct quite clear, but Grigor hadn't been in the mood
for a lecture. It looked as if the young Rahu hadn't shaved or showered
in a while either, although any body odour was overpowered by the stench
of one of his foul cigarettes which he was openly smoking, leaving a
trail of coughing and grimacing passers-by. As for the large,
suspicious-looking stain on Grigor's T-shirt... well, best not to ask.

A middle-aged woman tried to make her way past Grigor, shielding her
nostrils from the smoke with a frown on her face, but he rudely shoved
her aside with his shoulder. "Well *excuse* me\!" she exclaimed, but
Grigor didn't even deign to acknowledge her. As he finished barging his
way through the crowd waiting for an approaching bus, the last guy
shoved his fist into Grigor's shoulder. "Hey pal, what the fuck is
your..." Grigor whirled around with a savage look that mutated into a
cold smile. "Go on," he thought to himself, "be my guest. Take me on\!
Give me all you've got. That's the only excuse I need to..." Grigor
imagined how easy and satisfying it would be to crush this man's flimsy
neck with his bare hands. He pictured the crowd of worthless and
irritating people fleeing before his righteous wrath... The belligerent
guy seemed to read the deadly menace in the Rahu's eyes, however, and
the protest died on his lips. He mumbled something under his breath
instead and hastily shuffled away.

His thirst for random violence thus unsated, Grigor stumbled back to his
apartment. The place was none too clean and reeked of blood-smoke, but
to Grigor's eyes and nose it had a comforting familiarity. He
immediately went over to the freezer and grabbed one of the few
remaining haunches of frozen meat, shoving it straight in the dirty
microwave. He next opened the fridge. This seemed to be the only
organised place in the apartment, where a small collection of phials of
blood and cigarette packs were scrupulously labelled and arranged. His
fingers drifted momentarily along the cigarette collection, before
selecting one. Puffing heavily on the lit cigarette, Grigor pushed his
face up against the glass door of the microwave, staring hungrily
inside, his fingers tapping impatiently. As soon as the meat was ready,
he ripped it out and began devouring it ravenously, subconsciously
shifting his jaws and stomach into Urhan form. He gnawed it to the bone,
even though the meat had not completely defrosted. After eating, Grigor
retrieved his mobile phone and briefly contemplated calling up one of
his packmates, but decided against. He downed a large glass of vodka
before slumping into his bed, where he was soon fast asleep.

...

The snow flurry parted momentarily to permit a view of a small group of
figures, cloaked in black, shivering in the winter chill. They were
bowed at the edge of a graveyard, where the last of several coffins was
slowly being lowered into the frozen ground. Grigor struggled forward
against the cold, trying to get a closer look. The wind shifted
direction and he momentarily shielded his eyes against the blowing snow.
When he looked up, he instead felt raindrops beating against his face.
The figures ahead had changed somewhat, but the burial scene remained
the same, albeit with spring rain in place of winter snow. He cleared
his eyes again and this time felt hot sunshine. The mourners had shifted
positions again but the last coffin was still being lowered. As the
faceless priest spoke words which Grigor could not discern, he noticed a
hunchbacked old woman dressed in a black shawl. She had her back to him,
but dabbed at her wrinkled brow, mopping away sweat and tears. Slowly,
comprehension dawned. She was mourning her daughter. And her
grandchildren too -- her whole family, those who had been savagely and
suddenly ripped away from her. Grigor suddenly felt a strange connection
and sympathy with her, although he didn't quite know why... As he
shuffled closer, the old woman turned to face him with a sorrowful
expression. Then she gasped as recognition flashed across her reddened
eyes. Her crooked finger slowly rose to point, accusing, at Grigor.
"*It's you...*" she rasped. Dumbfounded, Grigor slowly shook his head,
but a mounting sense of dread and horror was rising within him. He
stared into the crone's accusing eyes and could not tear his gaze away
until, finally, the red mist of Kuruth claimed him.

The bestial Gauru form that was Grigor fled in a jumble of savage limbs
away from the graveyard, tearing frantically at tree branches in his
way. He stumbled onto some kind of street. Distantly, someone or
something screamed, as he smashed through some group of large objects. A
sinister metallic construct with bright gleaming lights was barrelling
down the street and so Grigor leapt over a wall and towards a house,
away from the road. He seemed somehow unable to manipulate the door, and
so instead smashed through it. A confusing array of doors and rooms and
stairs met him... As he scrambled his way through the building, a figure
stood in his way. It shrieked and turned to flee, but it was too slow.
Grigor swatted it out of his way with a massive sideswipe of his Gauru
claws and it crumpled in a heap. Another room... More screaming
obstacles. He silenced them too, before stumbling on, desperately
searching for some kind of exit... Smashing through a flimsy glass
barrier, he fell from some considerable height, but landed without
noticable pain. He ran for a short while more, but another threatening
cluster of buildings loomed in his way. More stairs... Another screaming
face... another crash... another shower of blood... another obstacle
removed... All Grigor wanted to do was to reach sanctuary, but it never
came. Instead, a neverending sequence of obstacles, doors, and flimsy,
faceless, shrieking figures stood in his way. He was exhausted and
blood-soaked, but his rage and fear drove him on. There seemed to be no
way out...

...

Grigor woke with a start and sat up abruptly in his bed, shivering in a
cold sweat. His sheets were torn to shreds; looking down, he saw that
his hands had shifted involuntarily to oversized claws. After catching
his breath, the Rahu slowly made his way to the bathroom, trying to
shake the nightmare from his brain. He slumped with his hands on the
basin, eyes closed. He washed his hands and splashed some of the water
on his face. Straightening up, his eyes met the mirror. The face of a
Gauru, with burning Kuruth-red eyes, met his gaze. Grigor gasped
involuntarily. However the Gauru-head did not match his movements;
instead its fearsome jaw slowly wrenched into a horrific kind of grin,
blood dripping from its teeth. Grigor turned away and closed his eyes,
but another visage flashed up behind his eyelids -- this time a woman
screaming in abject terror, hands raised in self-defence. A momentary
shard of recognition hit him as a bestial arm flashed before the woman,
leaving nothing but a spray of blood. Grigor opened his eyes again to
face the mirror. The monstrous Gauru-head nodded imperceptibly, still
smiling coldly, and he recognised it. He was looking at himself.
Trembling, Grigor shook his head. "Fuck you," he snarled at the Gauru,
smashing his fist into the glass. The wall shook and the mirror and
image both disintegrated. Grigor slumped to the floor, his left arm
drawn across his contorted face, clutching his bloodied and glass-strewn
fist.

...

That evening, just after dusk, Grigor made his way along the deserted
and silent road to the graveyard. The entrance gates were padlocked
shut, but he vaulted over them effortlessly, with a leap that an
Olympian would have been proud of. Fumbling the torch out of his pocket
in the dark, it took him a while to find the right spot. Several fresh
graves lay side-by-side at the edge of the graveyard, a family group.
Grigor grimaced and turned to face the grave of the mother. Unhooking
his backpack, he sat down, cross-legged, before the headstone. He fished
out the small photo, which he had cut out of the [Admiralteyski
Wochenblatt](Admiralteyski_Wochenblatt "wikilink"), and laid it before
the grave. Here, the woman was gently smiling, but that was not how
Grigor recalled her in his split-second memory fragment. Grigor
assembled some basic accoutrements from his rucksack -- candles and a
portable brazier, which he lit, and a dagger. When it was ready, he
inserted the dagger into the brazier, and let it heat up. The Blood
Talon slowly rolled up his left sleeve to reveal several tattoos on the
upper part of his slightly weaker left arm, representations of each of
the groups of mortals that have fallen victim to his rage. The names --
crudely transliterated into First Tongue -- and symbols were at least as
numerous as those on his right arm, representing vanquished foes, which
he did not reveal. The skin on the most recent tattoo, the latest on the
list, was still sore. Grigor steeled himself and slowly withdrew the
knife from the fire, placing it before the newest markings on his arm.
He sucked air through his gritted teeth in pain as the tip of the hot
blade, sizzling slightly, penetrated his skin. It was going to be a long
night...

As dawn came, Grigor stumbled out of the graveyard, clutching his pack
with his right arm, bloodshot-eyed, and a burning pain persisting in his
blood-encrusted left.

...

Angus sat in a yoga pose, eyes closed, deep in meditation... Footsteps
slowly approached along the corridor outside, before a hand opened the
door, permitting a figure to enter. Angus flicked open his eyes, but his
scent and awareness had already told him who it was. Bear's Bane. He
frowned in irritation. The last thing he needed was for the wayward Rahu
to disturb his peace, only for him to make the same crude joke about
no-one attending his class for the dozenth time. He was about to shoo
him away, until he noticed that the usual stupid grin was absent from
Grigor's face. In its place was an unfamiliar expression... Doubt?
Shame? Realisation quickly dawned -- his packmate was not there to poke
fun at him, after all. The Storm Lord permitted himself a short moment
of inner satisfaction before he pointed sternly towards the center of
the empty classroom. "Sit."

...

Grigor whirled around to look behind him, fists bunched and ready, but
no-one was there. It was past midnight, and the street was quiet. It was
a warm night, and he was feeling jumpy and restless. There was the
merest hint of a strange scent on the humid air -- he wasn't sure what
it was, but he felt something -- or someone -- calling him... After some
aimless wandering, Grigor found himself at the [small
chapel](Black_locus "wikilink") in the southwest of the pack's
territory. He made his way into the church; it was silent, dark, and
dusty. A sense of gloom and regret came upon the young werewolf, and he
contemplated prayer. Still, Grigor didn't really feel like talking to
God right now. All his prayers as a boy had gone unanswered, anyway. Why
should tonight be any different? After a while, he made his way towards
the altar and stared curiously up at the crucifix. Something -- perhaps
a breeze -- then raised gooesbumps on his skin. Ah yes, the locus here\!
He smelt the strange scent again, stronger. As is often the case, it
seemed he should seek answers in Hisil.

The Rahu passed through the Gauntlet and into the Shadow Realm, and the
darkness and emotions of the chapel intensified. Not too far away there
were watching spirits... Grigor had never really felt at home amongst
the denizens of the spirit world, and he had always gotten the
impression that the feeling was mutual. He shifted into Urshul and made
haste.

His restless search had somehow led him into the sewers, and he prowled
his way through the labyrinthine tunnels and waters. He detected the
recent scent of [one of the dog
packs](Angus_crafting_a_Dog's_Collar "wikilink"), but that didn't
concern him right now. He'd deal with those vermin if they crossed his
path.

Finally, and with a mounting sense of foreboding, Grigor came the to the
Abyss. In the blackness beyond, lay the [Red
Court](Roter_Hof "wikilink"), the home of the spirits of violence,
perversion, pain, and torture. The scent was much stronger here, and it
tasted of blood. Grigor contemplated crossing the threshold to the court
-- he had only entered in once before, briefly, but he felt no desire to
repeat the experience any time soon. Breathing heavily, and starting to
sweat nervously, Grigor contemplated his next move. He steeled himself.
He was a warrior -- whatever it was, he would face it. He let rip with a
great wolf-howl, a challenge to battle that echoed along the black
tunnel and down inside the court. It was answered only with the distant
background noise of hooting laughter and the agonised screams of torture
deep within.

He waited, tensely. For a long time, there was no response, until,
finally, he noticed someone or something slowly approaching from behind
the Abyss. At first there was nothing but glowing red eyes, dauntingly
high and wide, accompanied by a slow, hissing, breathing. The thing
emerged from the blackness and into the halflight of the sewers --
unmistakably some kind of great Gauru-like beast, but without the
frenzied motion associated with that form. Instead, there was a
deliberate, cold malevolence about it. It stared down at the determined
Urshul before it and let off a snarling baritone chuckle. Grigor gasped
as he felt a burning in his shoulder, at the scar where
[Nadja](Nadja_Ivanetsch "wikilink")'s silver bullet had struck him,
triggering his most recent rage. He felt the same agony, panic, and
wrath rising within him... but managed to keep himself in check.

Grigor had already seen quite a few Gaurus in his relatively brief time
as a werewolf, but most of them hadn't bothered or scared him overmuch.
This one, however, was especially formidable and nightmarish. Still, he
had even faced the Pure in battle before, albeit briefly. What bothered
him more about this foe was the unmistakably human blood dripping from
its maw and sprayed over its face, and the remains of entrails and skin
smeared across its torso. More than that, even, Grigor recognised more
than a hint of his own mortal image in his opponent's visage. "Who..."
he began, but his opponent cut him off. "You know who I am," it growled
in the First Tongue, "I am Bear's Bane. You\! The Uratha you are
destined to be. Am I not magnificent?" It laughed again.

Grigor had never been big on chit-chat or clever taunting before battle,
so he simply bit off one of the few Uremehir retorts he knew, followed
by a formidable warning growl, his usual prelude to battle. His opponent
responded only with a horrific anticipatory grin, the same that he had
seen in the mirror. The slightly smaller Urshul leapt at the nightmare
Gauru and battle was joined. Epic crashes and snarls echoed loudly
through the sewers nearby and wise lesser spirits knew to keep away...

Bear's Bane leapt at the Gauru-thing again, but his opponent retaliated
with a massive swipe, smashing the Urshul against the side of the
tunnel. It didn't follow up, however -- it was almost as if his opponent
was taunting him. Grigor got back up again immediately with a snarl.
Clearly, he was going to have to fight to his maximum capability... He
shifted to Gauru and launched a ferocious attack, this time striking
home. For a frenzied few moments, the two nearly identical bestial forms
traded shattering blows. They were evenly matched, although somehow --
perhaps because he was fighting with every ounce of his will, whereas
his opponent seemed content to merely match or taunt him -- Grigor
gained the upper hand. He battered the Gauru-thing to the ground with a
mighty punch-like swipe, and it lay there gasping, momentarily
exposed... Grigor's Gauru time was up. But he needed to keep his maximum
strength to press the advantage\! He just had to free himself from his
limitations, to let the rage of battle flow fully through him, and
victory would be his... He envisioned his mighty Gauru jaws ripping out
the vile beast's throat in battle frenzy...

Suddenly Grigor seemed to hear his pack alpha's voice in his head, as if
from some great distance. "You idiot\! It's feeding off your rage\!"
With a tremendous effort of will, Grigor shifted back to Urshul and held
himself back from the potentially killing blow. The beast's gasping
mutated into a great bellow of laughter as, drawing itself up to its
full height and terror, its wounds vanished into nothing. If anything,
it seemed even bigger and stronger than before. A wave of despair came
over Bear's Bane - he knew now that this was one foe he could not
defeat. Licking his wounds, and with a final desperate snarl of hatred,
he leapt back from the Abyss and ran away, limping slightly, to the
sound of his nemesis' laughter echoing in the sewers behind him.

...

A pack meeting had been called in [Edouard](Edouard "wikilink")'s new
residence. Grigor arrived slightly late, and only noticed the opulent
surroundings in passing. His packmates were all waiting for him -- even
[Aleksandr](Aleksandr "wikilink") had somehow managed to make it on
time. Grigor raised one hand in half-apology, half-greeting as he
entered. Edouard looked impatient. "Grigor, we have important business
to discuss here." Grigor drew a deep breath. "Yeah, I'm sure. But I want
to do something first. Well, more to say something, really. Uh... well,
you'll see." He had brought some things with him: candles, the brazier,
and something in a lunchbox. Edouard hid a flicker of annoyance and
glanced over to Angus, but he seemed calm and patient, with a hint of
satisfaction, as if he knew what was happening. Edouard shrugged and let
Grigor carry on. Grigori looked up from his newspaper with an expression
of curiousity. Grigor hastily arranged his things and began the rite...

After a couple of minutes, the scent of the candles and of the burning
meat, which Grigor had taken out of the lunchbox and ceremonially placed
onto the brazier, began to pervade throughout the room. Kneeling, Grigor
then turned to Aleksandr. "I know that I have too often succumbed to
Kuruth," he began awkwardly, "and that the whole pack has suffered." He
glanced around the room with a guilty expression. "Others too... It is
you, Talks-to-Trees, who has suffered the most. Twice now... at least
twice... or I think it was only two times..." He seemed to be struggling
to remember his rehearsed speech for the rite of contrition. "Anyway, I
attacked you. In my rage, I mean. Could've killed you... Uh, I'm glad I
didn't though. Shouldn't have done that." The Rahu paused for a moment,
and took in a deep breath. "I... I apologise. And I ask your
forgiveness." He repeated it in First Tongue, offering the burnt meat to
the Iron Master with both hands. He tilted his head to one side,
exposing his bare neck. Aleksandr looked somewhat confused and unsure,
and looked to Angus for guidance. The Ithaeur slowly nodded in approval.
"Ss'uthaf," Aleksandr answered, "I accept."

...

Back in the Shadow Realm, Bear's Bane went in search of the [Spirits of
Order](Spirits_of_Order "wikilink"), following Angus' instructions. He
knew that it could be dangerous, and that the court probably regarded
him as an enemy -- Angus had told him that they were allied with the
police. With some trepidation, Grigor came to the edge of their realm.
He shifted from Urshul to Dalu, so that he could manipulate the objects
for the ritual. Swallowing nervously, he began the rite of contrition,
to apologise for his latest killing spree. This time, he was less
confident about the answer...

[Category: Werewolf](Category:_Werewolf "wikilink") [Category:
Tales](Category:_Tales "wikilink")