![Gardening.jpg](Gardening.jpg "Gardening.jpg")
![SeedBomb.gif](SeedBomb.gif "SeedBomb.gif")
![SeedBalls.jpg](SeedBalls.jpg "SeedBalls.jpg")

## The Idea

"Am I getting old...?" Aleksandr asked himself. Gangs of kiddies raiding
the streets. More children dying from drug abuse than ever. In the past,
the adolescent weren't drifting and as hopeless as today, were they? He
thought of his younger days. Ok, maybe they were. But he can not help
the thought, that especially the lives of the kids are slowly falling
apart in this part of town. Damn\! We need metaphorical duct-tape.

What keeps the kids entertained? What gives them strength? Sports clubs
don't cut it anymore. "Uncool". Wind bands? "Sooo 2001\!" They need a
valve for their anger, need to physically exploit themselves. Put the
pedal on the metal. How can this raw power be channeled? With the right
tools, today's kids could tear whole streets apart. Sounds like fun, but
is somewhat counterproductive. They need the seed of hope rather than
bombs. Jeez\! Aleksandr downed his half-full glass of vodka and rubbed
his temples. Now it's getting ludicrous. After his first change, getting
drunk is not as easy as it used to be. But an appropriate dose still
gets his thoughts spinning. Time to go to bed.

Changing his clothes, he paused. Holes in the street. Seed of hope.
Bombs. Seed-bombs. Aleksandr smirked and went to his laptop. Time for a
new meme.

## The Meme

Graffiti combines mild vandalism and art. A nice way to express
yourself, Aleksandr thought. But today graffiti is as ancient as
cave-painting. A new idea must carry the same vibes but be more crazy;
maybe combine something seemingly boring with going rogue. Plants and
vandalism.

Ten fingers virtually fly across the keyboard. Vodka begone\! A bottle
of water is standing on the table now. After short hesitation, Aleksandr
watered the dying pot plant from his sleeping room and put it on the
table. Back on the laptop, he went to <http://www.nic.ru/> to
anonymously register a new domain. What name? Aleksandr pondered. It
must have a martial sound to catch the attention of especially younger
people. He tried <i>www.guerrilla-gardening.ru</i>. Yes\! Still
available.

Maybe he should have discussed the details with the pack? Then again, a
few days ago, he asked Angus about a new campaign to prettify the
district. Mildly interested he mumbled: "Make it happen." Well. I will.

The sound of clicking keyboard keys filled the room, while a new website
evolved. Aleksandr chose a minimalist design, since the real action
should take place on the streets. No forum, the organisation shall take
place in real life. However, a photo album is mandatory, the people will
want to keep record of their achievements. Tutorials are always welcome
for the newcomers, so he included a manual for seed bombs: balloons
filled with water, moss, fertiliser and seeds. Throw it - wham\! Nature
strikes back. What seeds? And what else to plant? How the fuck should he
know?\! Aleksandr sighed. This will need more investigation than he
thought.

Six hours later, the website was finished. Thorough information about
what seeds can grow where. Manuals for different techniques of
flora-placement. A photo album, yet to be filled. Users can upload shots
of their campaigns, pictures without plants will be deleted. And the
manifesto of guerrilla-gardening.

At the crack of dawn, Aleksandr let himself drop on the bed. He fell
asleep instantly.

## The Manifesto

  - Colour your town\! Get rid of the gray. There's an ugly empty space
    between two houses? Paint it red with a field of poppies. A boring
    concrete wall looks so much better covered in moss\! You don't like
    how the city management neglects the parks? You can do better\!

<!-- end list -->

  - Be creative\! Fill the guildhall with pot plants, plant hemp in
    front of the police station or grow pumpkins on your balcony. Think
    out of the box.

<!-- end list -->

  - Choose your battle ground wisely\! A tree right on the pavement will
    be removed, your art is destroyed. But what about the kerbstone or
    the central reserve...?

<!-- end list -->

  - Guerrilla gardeners are anonymous\! Choose a nickname, disguise
    during your crusades for colour.

<!-- end list -->

  - Mark your art\! Include your nickname in your opus, so that people
    will recognise you.

<!-- end list -->

  - Don't cross other art\! Battle grounds of other guerrilla gardeners
    are off limits for a year. Choose your own spot\!

<!-- end list -->

  - Spread the word\! Tell other people about it. Work in teams, if you
    like. The more competition, the better\!

<!-- end list -->

  - Upload pictures of your work at <http://www.guerrilla-gardening.ru>.
    Show the world what it means to fight for colour\!

## The Seed Is Done

When Aleksandr awoke, it was already afternoon. After a fast breakfast,
he went to the hardware store and bought a small oak tree, about 7"
high, a pickaxe and a stapler. He printed out a dozen small paper strips
containing the address of the new website and stapled the to the trunk.
Additionally, he added a carving: "<i>Zephyros</i>", his alter-ego he
chose for this mission. He did not plan to use it much often, though.

A few hours later, already in the middle of the night, he was on his way
to the main street of this quarter. Arriving there, he hesitated. What
if no one will follow? What if this was all in vain? He looked at the
pickaxe in his hand and smiled. Even then, he just had a good time.
Aleksandr lifted the axe and stroke out.

When the first light of the sun hit the street, instead on asphalt, it
fell on green leaves swishing in the breeze. In the middle of the
street, right between the lanes there was an oak tree, a little taller
than a man.

[Category:Werewolf](Category:Werewolf "wikilink")
[Category:Tales](Category:Tales "wikilink")