[Nadja](Nadja "wikilink") still did not know what to make of
[him](Angus "wikilink"). Every time he entered her life, it turned out
for the worse. Every single time he showed up, she lost someone dear to
her.

But now? With her grandfather gone, there was no-one left he could take
away. Yet he still showed up, just like now. Nadja's doorbell had rung,
she had opened and there he stood. "Can I come in?", Angus asked. Nadja
steped aside and let him into her run-down apartment.

"I have something for you", he said while pulling something out of his
pocket. A small, furry something. At first she thought it's one of those
lucky charms: tacky and without any purpose. But that wouldn't be him...
On second sight, she realised that what he handed her was not a lucky
charm, but an actual, real rabbit's foot\! Nadja shuddered, as she
accepted the foot. She had seen more strange things than that.

"Look," Angus started, "I know you've seen some pretty strange things. I
also know that you can look out for yourself. I've seen that. This is...
it's not to tell you that you can't look after yourself. It's more of
a... backup option. Should you ever break this, no, should it ever
break, no matter the means, I will know so instantly. And I'll assume
you are in trouble. So don't use it frivolously."

Nadja looked at the foot more closely. It was an actual rabbit's foot,
but was stiff and dry. She carefully bent it a bit. It would break, but
not that easily, she thought. This must be another one of those magic
things. Although Angus got rather cross when she called them by that
name. "These are not magic. They are Spirits, bound by ancient pacts.
They have a purpose, and a will of their own\! If you don't hold them in
reverence, they will stop working -- if you're lucky\!", he would always
say.

"How will you know that I am in trouble?" she asked. "I won't. But once
this thing is broken, it's gone. So I'll just assume you'll be in
trouble if you used it." He looked at her and added "And I'll stop
everything I'm doing to find you." Not everything, Nadja thought
bitterly. But close enough. "And how will you find me? I could be
anywhere in this city. Or even beyond\!" Angus leaned back, scratching
his beard. "I can find you. The closer you are, the easier it is." He
didn't add "we *[all](Shadowclaws "wikilink")* can find you", but Nadja
suspected that anyway.

She didn't know why he cared. No-one so far had cared for her. Not her
parents, who had ignored her at best, hit her at worst. Not her friends,
who had just used her and dumped her once her utility had worn off. Not
her previous boyfriends, who had used her for a few fun nights in bed.
Not even her grandfather; She knew her grandfather loved her, but he had
been too obsessed by that [mirror
thing](the_old_werewolf's_last_play "wikilink"), too mad already. In the
end, even *he* hadn't cared what happened to her. But why did Angus
care? Sometimes she had the feeling it was only out of a strange and
twisted sense of duty. That he didn't care from his heart, but from his
pride. Better than nothing, she would then always think. Did he really
care about her now? Nadja couldn't tell.

Nadja took the foot and attached it to her keyring. There was even a
tiny hook for that on the foot, she saw. She didn't need any of these,
Nadja thought. Angus was right, she could look after herself. But he'd
probably get cross if she didn't take this thing with her. "I have more
of those, if you need any", Angus said to her. Great. Just what she
needed. Even more protection.

Angus stood up and cleared his throat. "Anyway... if you need anything
else, just tell me. You want to do anything this weekend? I've probably
got some time..." Angus went slowly towards the door. He has never asked
if he could sleep here, Nadja thought. He never even tried to come near
to her. Was that his ploy? Did other women fall for that?

Angus was already at the door, opening it and going outside. Nadja went
to the door and stopped him. "Want to stay over night?"

[Category:Werewolf](Category:Werewolf "wikilink")
[Category:Tales](Category:Tales "wikilink")