### Intro: A bar brawl

Pack arrives at [Café Alexanderplatz](Café_Alexanderplatz "wikilink")
after a call from one of the [Eristoffs](Eristoffs "wikilink") to find a
number of [Rahglu](Rahglu "wikilink") well hidden in a barren at
[Wilhelmplatz](Wilhelmplatz "wikilink"). They drive them out in a fierce
combat that almost kills [Aleksandr](Aleksandr "wikilink")

### Act 1: Old Grudges

Investigating about barrens, their origin, how they can grow, the pack
learns the most likely reason is a fight between Spirit Courts that
drains the area of essence and spirits.

They discover that there is indeed a struggle behind it, between [The
Son and the Nephew](The_Son_and_the_Nephew "wikilink"), but cannot
uncover much about the spirits.

A combination of research and leg work reveals there is an old conflict
behind the war in the spirit world, and also that the two spirits have
strange numina that allow them to recruit local spirits for their cause.

### Interlude: Allegiance

In a small melee in the Hisil, the pack learns that even they are not
safe from this strange effect, though they retain much self-control: All
but Aleksandr seem to have chosen sides unwittingly.

### Act 2: A debt settled

The Shadowclaws dive into the weird world of spirit politics to find a
way to stop the growth of the barren and reoccupy it, to deny access to
the Rahglu (who seem to be stronger there).

After much discussion and frustration, a deal with the [Court of Eternal
Grace](Court_of_Eternal_Grace "wikilink") and [Blood of the
City](Blood_of_the_City "wikilink") emerges.

### Final: Duel at Dusk

The conflict is defused, with both spirits agreeing (largely due to
great persuasion by Edouard) to nominate a champion for a duel instead
of fighting a prolonged war. [Grigor](Grigor "wikilink") beats his
opponent, a greater Gaffling of a pick-up, in a spectacular brawl,
resisting Kuruth twice.

[Category:Werewolf](Category:Werewolf "wikilink")
[Category:Tales](Category:Tales "wikilink")