Angus stood a little distance from the actual funeral. He saw the
grieving parents, family, and friends of the car accident victim. *His*
victim, in a sense. *Ruthlessness*, Angus thought, comes too easily,
especially after a few tries. All those times he was taught "you cannot
value a life", "you cannot compare the worth a two lives"? Of course you
can, it's very simple. Kill one and save a hundred? Easy question, for
an Uratha. He'd kill to save lives, any time. Or not. Kill
[Victor](Victor_Flammendes-Schwert "wikilink") and save a hundred?
That's more tricky. But still, you can place a value on life. Victor's
life would be worth more than 100 "normal" lives. Perhaps 1,000, perhaps
10,000. Point is, you can put a price on his life. The life of that kid
over there, no more than ashes and a wooden box by now? Not worth much.
Angus had sacrificed that life for the deals with
[She-Who-Was-Eternally-Lost](She-Who-Was-Eternally-Lost "wikilink") and
the [Steel Predator Spirit](T-34 "wikilink"). And he considered those
favourable deals. A few lives in exchange for help and saving even more
lives. *Ruthlessness*, the Storm Lord thought.

Angus heard footsteps coming up behind him. He already smelled who it
was: [Nievo](Nievo_Ashkov "wikilink"), the local chief of police. Nievo
tipped Angus' shoulder: "Hullo Angus... didn't expect to see *you*
here\!" Angus shrugged, and gestured towards the funeral "I... well... "
-- "Hm, yes. Bloody waste of life. And the accident was in the new speed
limit zone, as well\! You've heard? There's talk in the city halls that
they want to abolish the speeding limits. Foolish\! How can anyone
*abolish* a speed limit after a car accident? Even three accidents\!
Have you heard anything on this in the town hall?"

The Ithaeur had. In fact, he and [Edouard](Edouard "wikilink") were the
ones responsible not only for the accidents, but also for the stop of
the speeding limits. The accidents had been easy: bind a few spirits,
let them nudge the "correct" behaviour in car drivers along a certain
road -- and that was it. She-Who-Was-Eternally-Lost had wanted tragic
deaths. Now she even got a tragic death of a child, Angus thought,
looking over to the funeral. They were now lowering the coffin into the
grave. Getting rid of the speed limits after that had been more tricky.
He had painstakingly avoided any direct involvement in that business. He
needed to keep a clean shirt for further contacts and promotions in the
city hall. Plus, as a foreigner, people would remember him. But together
with Edouard's business contacts, [Grigor](Grigor "wikilink")'s mafia
contacts, [Aleksandr](Aleksandr "wikilink")'s digging up of dirt on
politicians, and his own knowledge of the inner workings of the city
hall, they had been able to stop the speed limits. A little bribe here,
a little blackmail there, it was all too easy in this city. But now, but
he couldn't tell Nievo all this... *Ruthlessness*, Angus thought.

"Me?" Angus answered to Nievo's question. "Probably even less than
you... some politicians are afraid of their own courage and need to look
as if they are doing something." Ashkov grunted and replied: "I've heard
there might be something fishy about this. It's as if someone *wanted*
to get rid of the speeding limits. And all those accidents within a few
days, all along the only road with the new speeding limits?" -- "I
really don't see any reason why anyone would *want* to stop the speeding
limits", Angus replied. "If the mafia is trying to bribe its way through
the city hall to achieve just that... why would they even bother? They
have nothing to gain from that." He paused. "I think it's just
politicians doing the only thing they can do: screw up and pretend to be
working." Nievo didn't seem fully convinced, but he had to admit the
logic. "I don't know, it just feels... wrong. Just that nagging feeling
of mine."

Both men watched the procession, led by a priest, leave the grave.
Friends, family, all dressed in black. They didn't follow. The remainder
of the funeral would be a private occasion, time for everyone who knew
the boy to grieve in company.

"You know", Angus started the conversation again, "you may be right. But
shouldn't you use your gut feelings to hunt, I don't know, *real*
thugs?" -- "Ha\!", Nievo exclaimed. "Come along, nothing more we can do
here. I'll treat you to some food. What did you say you Scots eat that
was similar to Borscht? Haggush?" Angus smiled. "Haggis", he replied.

Both men left the cemetery. Two deals, the Ithaeur thought. No speed
limits, and at least five tragic deaths. His pack had managed to fulfill
both deals with those car accidents. Killing two birds with one stone.
No, not ruthlessness, Angus thought. *Efficiency*.

[Category:Werewolf](Category:Werewolf "wikilink")
[Category:Tales](Category:Tales "wikilink")