Following dreams about a legendary [artifact](Shadowcall "wikilink"),
[Grigori](Grigori "wikilink") and [Aleksandr](Aleksandr "wikilink") set
out towards the Hisil of the [Twin Palaces](Twin_Palaces "wikilink") to
investigate. Meet up with members from all other packs, who are
following similar visions. Attacked by a flood of spirits from the [red
court](Roter_Hof "wikilink"), who threaten to overwhelm the werewolves.
A [strange spirit](the_maiden "wikilink") shows up, turning the tide of
battle through her mere presence.

[Grigor](Grigor "wikilink") and [Aleksandr](Aleksandr "wikilink") get
lost in the Hisil of the place, drawing in the rest of the pack. After a
long journey through an insane number of pockets containing reflections
from throughout the history of the palaces, they finally arrive at the
lair of the spirit, together with members from other packs who also seek
to win the spirit's favour - the spirit decrees that only one can do so.
Tension rises when a howl rips through the Hisil: [Taras
Mihailov](Taras_Mihailov "wikilink") from [Crimson
Tears](Crimson_Tears "wikilink") was murdered by [Shuro
Koshonin](Shuro_Koshonin "wikilink"). His packmate present, [Arja
Haajanen](Arja_Haajanen "wikilink"), immediately enters Kuruth and
attacks [Vanka Iosiforna](Vanka_Iosiforna "wikilink") of
[Glasfelle](Glasfelle "wikilink"). The pack intervenes as the spirit
withdraws in disgust.

As all packs work to win the favour of the spirit, violence spirals out
of control. The [Shadowclaws](Shadowclaws "wikilink") and [Victor
Flammendes-Schwert](Victor_Flammendes-Schwert "wikilink") manage to
convince Glasfelle and Crimson Tears to attend a High Court, yet the
rivalry between packs escalates even further. Finally, fed up with the
infighting that could ruin the high court and bring down the
[alliance](alliance "wikilink"), Victor convinces the pack that the
spirit should be discorporated to get the Forsaken to stop their
infighting. Then, after the violence had settled down, could the packs
resume to win her favour.

A number of Forsaken which managed to keep their cool gatheres under the
Banner of the [Enlightened](Enlightened "wikilink"): Victor and
[Blutfaust](Boris_Negarov "wikilink") from [Schatten der
Zaren](Schatten_der_Zaren "wikilink"), [Vanya
Sokolow](Vanya_Sokolow "wikilink") and [Yelena
Dimitrovna](Yelena_Dimitrovna "wikilink") of Litanei der Stra√üen as well
as [Grigor](Grigor "wikilink") and [Angus](Angus "wikilink") from the
Shadowclaws. On their way, they encounter Arja, who seemed to be going
after the same thing on her own.

When they enter the lair of the maiden, they are faced by a number of
guardian spirits in the form of russian greencoats, who immediately
opened fire. Yet the spirits were no challenge to the power of the
Forsaken, as Blutfaust alone ripped through them as if they were wet
paper, while Grigor and Yelena went for the maiden. Striking her, they
noted that blows seemed to get deflected into the walls, ground and
ceiling of the room.

It took the Forsaken some time to figure it out, but finally Angus,
[Edouard](Edouard "wikilink") and Aleksandr noticed the similarity to
the tale of [the Bleeding Stone](the_Bleeding_Stone "wikilink"): A
beautiful maiden, sought after by everyone, sentenced to death because
of the trouble the infighting of her suitors caused and being saved by
the stones themselves taking the killing blow.

As realisation dawned on the werewolves, the maiden discorporated with
the pitiful rest of the defenders, and a loud clap could be heard from a
balcony overlooking the room. There, [Prince
Yaromir](Prince_Yaromir "wikilink") was standing, smiling. "It took you
some time, but it seems you got there in the end. I must thank all of
you for participating. With the events so vividly played out in the
present, the allegiance of the Bleeding Stone will no longer be in
question." He nodded to the werewolves as he headed for the door. "You
will excuse me now."

The werewolves, some quite upset at being played so thoroughly, left the
Hisil. Four days later, the High Court spoke in favour of Shuro, after
an argument between Arja and [Boneblade](Sergei_Grigorovich "wikilink")
in the course of which the Rahu left the scene. The feud seemed settled,
yet everyone knew that Boneblade would not let it die that easily.

As the Forsaken went home from the meeting, Grigori realised one point
from the tale that had been overlooked so far, an obvious flaw in
Victor's plan: In the legend of the Bleeding Stone, the maiden
disappeared after her rescue, never to be seen again ...

[Category:Werewolf](Category:Werewolf "wikilink")
[Category:Tales](Category:Tales "wikilink")