[Grigor](Grigor "wikilink") was sitting at the usual meeting place,
poking around in his salad searching for bits of meat he would not even
be able to eat. As usual, [Vladimir Wecek](Vladimir_Wecek "wikilink")
was a bit late, but he was too important to complain about that. Grigor
sometimes wondered what exactly Vladimir's position was - for a simple
errant boy who passed on orders he was far to renowned and well
connected. Then again, he had learned not to ask unnecessary questions
in the Mafia.

A few minutes later, Vladimir entered the restaurant, nodding to a
waitress who hurried into the kitchen to get the house special, a large
steak with Russian potatoes. Grigor tried to look more enthusiastic
about his salad, but Vladimir had tired of asking and simply raised an
eyebrow.

"To business.", he started. Now it was Grigor who raised an eyebrow, for
Vladimir was not usually so brief. "[Neighbours for
Neighbours](Neighbours_for_Neighbours "wikilink"). What do you know?"

"Strange fellows, neighbourhood watch scheme they say, but I guess
there's more behind it. They once mugged a
[friend](Aleksandr "wikilink") of mine for being out late. There was
also some [bad press](Media:Zeitung9.pdf "wikilink") recently about some
transgressions. Still it seems they are popular and have the support of
[Eris Bobrov](Eris_Bobrov "wikilink")." Grigor recounted the facts,
though he was certain it was no news for Vladimir. This was not about
telling him something new, this was about showing he had a clue what was
going on. And judging by Vladimir's nod, he had passed. Then he
remembered something and smiled. "And they don't like me."

"Da. They are trespassing on our turf. Not a clever thing to do, but it
seems they think themselves immune due to police support. They will find
out they are not the only ones who can bribe the police. I want some of
your boys to join those clowns. As soon as you find out who runs the
show, come to me. Then we kill them." Vladimir talked in a casual tone,
as if commenting on the weather. "Take your time, just don't wait too
long. The bosses are getting upset, and when they get upset, they take
it out on me. Don't make me pass on that favour." He gave Grigor a wink,
then stood up and left. Just when he reached the door, he turned around
again. "Ah, when you've made your choice, send me a list of who's coming
along for the holiday special, da?"

The door shut, and Grigor sat for some more time, pondering the brief
meeting. The steak was brought and getting cold, but he knew fully well
he had to resist that temptation. Time to go to the [youth
club](youth_club "wikilink") and select a number of boys to send into
danger. He knew that Vladimir would check the names he chose and compare
with his reports on recruitment. Another test.

[Category:Werewolf](Category:Werewolf "wikilink")
[Category:Tales](Category:Tales "wikilink")