Danil Vasiliev took a deep breath and opened the door to the youth
centre. If his contact were to be believed, he might find what he was
looking for here, in the south of Admiralitetsky District. A steady
stream of adolescent playground voices assaulted his ears. The warm
hubbub was a welcome change from the December chill, at least. As he
stepped inside, a few of the youths glanced up from their games and
joking (and possibly more dubious pursuits), but most ignored the
fresh-faced newcomer. He shook off his woolly hat and coat and found
somewhere to deposit them.

As he was still getting his bearings, an unassuming young woman came
over with a smile. *"Hi, I'm guessing you're new here?"* She extended
her hand. *"Anna."* He smiled back. *"Hi, Anna, pleased to meet you.
Yeah, it's my first time here. My name's Petr."* He shook her hand. She
seemed friendly enough. *"Oh, OK. Hi, Petr. Do you want me to show you
around?"*

As Anna took him on a brief tour of the premises, Danil explained his
story. He told her that he was trying to set up a self-defence youth
project in a poor district off in the eastern suburbs of Petersburg. He
gave her a brief, practised speech outlining his motivation and goals.
As if to prove all this, he fished out a folded sheet of paper with a
brief description of the project proposal, submitted under the name
"Petr Bogdanovitch", with a stamp of approval from the local council.
She gave it only the briefest of glances. *"Yeah, I'm sure it's all in
order."*

*"So, you have some guy here who does some kind of self-defence course,
is that right?"* *"Oh, you mean Grigor, I suppose."* She suddenly seemed
a bit less enthusiastic.

He pressed a bit further. *"So what exactly does he do?"* *"Well, Grigor
just does Grigor's thing, I guess. The whatever-it-is through
self-defence, or boxing, or whatever. Some of the boys seem to like
it."* She shrugged. *"I dunno, I don't talk to him much."* *"Uh huh..."*
Danil tried to sound noncomittal. He added eventually: *"Well, can I
meet him?"* *"Sure, I guess,"* she responded, *"he must be around here
somewhere..."* She glanced momentarily around the crowded room...

*"Oh, there he is\!"* Anna exclaimed. And there he was, the slightly
sinister-looking man, standing in a shadowy corner of the room, staring
directly at him. His head and face seemed to be about equally shaven,
and he wore a black T-shirt with a picture of a giant red fist on it. He
wasn't huge, by any means, but there were some muscles there alright.
The man seemed to somehow have a rather strange presence about him.
Danil wasn't sure how long he had been watching him, which was even more
unnerving.

As he came closer, Danil thought he recognised him... A couple of years
older, shorter hair... but, yes, it could definitely be the same face
from the photograph. The slightly offputting smell of... cigarettes?
suddenly hit him. Danil tried to hide his nerves and extended his hand
with a confident smile. *"Hi, I'm Petr."* The boxer nodded and gave his
hand the briefest of squeezes. *"Alright. Grigor."*

\---

Sure enough, Petr turned up again next week, on the dot. Suspiciously
punctual, in fact... The newcomer hadn't spotted him yet, so Grigor took
the opportunity to eye him up further. He certainly didn't look like
much of a boxer, or any kind of physical trainer, for that matter. He
looked as if he was barely twenty, and he had turned up suddenly out of
the blue from god-knows-where in eastern Petersburg trying to learn
about his course. Who *was* this guy?

The newcomer spotted Grigor and came over. *"Evening\! Well, I came."*
He seemed a little nervous. *"Thanks again, for agreeing to show me your
course."* Grigor nodded. Petr made a bit of small talk, concerning the
weather, rumours in the newspaper, the usual. And then he asked, *"So
tell me, when you're not here with the lads in the evening, what do you
do with your time? Your day job, I mean."*

Again with the questions. Asking too many questions was a dangerous
business, especially in the Mafia -- it always looks suspicious. Early
on, a wiseguy had told the young Grigor never to ask questions about
things you don't need to know about, and he had taken the advice to
heart. Curiousity killed the cat, so they say. There was definitely
something not right here...

*"Uh, I work construction part-time,"* he answered, *"on the new Baltika
supermarket in Admiralitetsky at the moment."* In fact he did have an
employment contract for that building site on his person, courtesy of
his superior Vladimir. Not that he had ever turned up to the place for
work, though...

*"So, let me show you the ropes, so to speak."* Grigor said. He quickly
gathered up the boys and led the way down to the basement. He stopped
the first lad. *"Get your shoes off first. I've been told to watch out
for the floor."* The boy, chewing gum, grinned, *"You're jokin', right
boss? You don't have to do what they say."* Grigor didn't seem to be in
a joking mood, though. *"Shoes off\!"* he barked. The boys quickly
complied. Seeing Grigor also switch to bare feet, Petr also shucked off
his trainers. They went downstairs, where Grigor had set up a simple
boxing ring of sorts. Grigor clapped his hands together and the boys
quietened down. *"OK, today, we're, uh... today, we're going to do a bit
of barefoot and barefist fighting. Yeah."*

Petr stuck his hands in his pockets and stood next to Grigor. For a
quarter of an hour, the two watched as the boys began to take turns in
the ring. It seemed to be pretty serious stuff -- some of the boys were
dealing out some hefty bruises -- but Grigor didn't seem to mind or
admonish them. If anything, he encouraged it. Petr leaned into his ear.
*"Do you, uh, have a license for this?"* he whispered. Grigor glanced at
him and laughed shortly. *"You're kidding me, right?"* Danil let the
subject drop. He had potentially more serious crimes to consider...
*"Here, keep an eye on them for a minute,"* the Rahu added, *"I've got
to take a piss."*

Upstairs, Grigor found himself alone in the hall with the shoes. He
leant down and surreptitiously withdrew a small vial from his
underpants. Unscrewing the cap, inside was a small brush and a sticky,
opaque liquid. He quickly grabbed Petr's shoes and brushed a liberal
amount of the liquid on to the soles, getting it between the treads.
With his handkerchief, he wiped off the excess stickiness from where the
soles were worn, and put them back in place. He had gotten the
specification from Grigori, when he had mentioned his vague plan to his
packmate. It was supposed to be dog pheromones, near odourless to
humans, but very smelly to canines. Supposedly. One of Aleksandr's dodgy
contacts had managed to source it for him at short notice. *"OK,
bitch,"* Grigor muttered under his breath, *"now it's me sniffing around
after you."*

\---

Later that night, much later, the youth centre had shut and the south
Admiralitetsky streets were frozen, dark, and silent, apart from the
distant rumbling of the steelworks, which never seemed to rest.
Urhan-Grigor emerged from the shadows and sniffed around near the
entrance to the building. It was quite a distinct, pungent smell, and he
picked it up without difficulty. It led away along the pavement, heading
back to the centre of Shadowclaws territory. It seemed that Petr had
walked home, as he had hoped.

After a quarter of an hour or so, the trail had led into one of the
middling housing districts. The scent was becoming increasingly faint --
the freezing air didn't help -- and he had had to double back a couple
of times. Sneaking furtively along the streets in the dark from shadow
to shadow, Grigor eventually found the end of the trail before the door
to an apartment building. The Rahu made a mental note of the address. He
didn't bother to change form before heading home -- fuck it, it's too
cold, he thought, and Urhan is faster anyway.

\---

Next morning, around 10 am, the Rahu strolled back along the same
street. He "accidentally" dropped his cigarette lighter near to the
doorway. Leaning down, he pulled up his scarf over his nose, which he
shifted to an Urhan nose. It seemed there was a fresher scent, but it
wasn't easy to tell... He hurried on up the street, and at the next
junction, bent down to re-tie his shoelaces. The scent was there,
barely...

After ten minutes or so of walking, interspersed with clumsy dropping
and shoelace-tying incidents, the trail had led into a quieter area
consisting mostly of light industrial units and a few mostly condemned
housing blocks, in newly-gained Shadowclaws territory. On instinct,
Grigor pulled himself back before the next junction, his pulse beginning
to quicken. Instead of taking the pavement, he glanced around quickly
before slipping over a low wall into an abandoned yard running parallel
to the next street. Finding a quiet spot, he switched to Urhan form and
slipped along through the undergrowth behind the street.

There seemed to be figure standing alone on the next street corner,
blowing his hands against the cold. Grigor recognised the shoes; it was
Petr, all right. As he nudged forward under cover, striving to get a
better vantage point, a car idled up to the street corner: a
bog-standard police Lada. It pulled up and two police officers, one man
and one woman, both quite young, got out. They shook Petr's hand. *"Hey,
Danil, what's up?"* asked the policeman, *"I thought this was supposed
to be your day off\!"*

Mother-fucker -- a stone-cold cop\! In fact, now that he thought about
it, they were only two blocks away from the local police headquarters.
Sloppy, sloppy, Grigor thought to himself. A wannabe undercover cop.
This guy is clearly no pro. And the life expectancy for nosey cops in
these parts... well, it wasn't too great. And if he could do anything
about it, the average would sink even further.

Grigor snuck forward a little so that he could eavesdrop... *"What's
that?\!"* Petr -- or Junior Officer Danil, as it seemed his name was --
called out. The woman glanced in his direction, and he pulled back,
cursing silently. *"Hey, relax,"* she said to Danil, *"it's just a stray
dog, or a fox."*

Danil, in plain clothes, was pulling out a large black-and-white photo.
Even from this distance, Grigor could recognise his old file mugshot
from his Moscow days. *"Yeah, so this is him,"* Danil was saying, *"I'm
positive. He spent two years in Moscow State for possession, suspected
links to organised crime, it says on his file. And then his file finds
its way to Petersburg, saying he's a person of interest related to all
those fucked-up mass murders last year."* He seemed to have attracted
the interest of the others. He went on, *"Funny thing is, his file is
marked "Investigation Concluded", although we don't seem to know dick
all about him\! Not even an address. Several parts have been redacted
and I had to search quite a bit to dig him out..."* He adopted a
conspiratorial tone. *"If I didn't know better, I'd say someone had
buried the file."*

The uniformed guy frowned. *"So, he's a possible psycho mass murderer
and/or Mafia muscle and, even worse, someone powerful could be
protecting him, and you think it's a good idea trying to track him
undercover?\! You are fucking insane, dude."*

Grigor went cold -- even colder than he already was due to the frozen
December air. He licked his teeth and felt his muscles tense. There was
no-one else in the street\! He could jump out of the bushes and leap
upon them in an instant. They wouldn't stand a chance... He begun to
ready himself to shift form...

Then, a second thought, or perhaps some remnant shard of wisdom: Don't
be an idiot\! Grigor told himself. Three dead cops in your new
territory?\! Yeah, that's exactly what you need; Swims-under-Ice will be
so pleased\! And with an old file photograph of dumb Grigor amongst the
mutilated bodies? Even better\! No, no, no. That won't do at all. Damn.

Gnawing his teeth, Urhan-Grigor retreated back into the shadows with a
barely perceptible growl. Still, he considered, he had the distinct
advantage. He knew this guy was on to him, but he didn't know he knew.
Forewarned is forearmed, Yelena had told him once. Now he just needed a
plan.

[Category:Werewolf](Category:Werewolf "wikilink")
[Category:Tales](Category:Tales "wikilink")