It was getting late. Not only would [Edouard](Edouard "wikilink") have
to spend the better part of the evening shuffling folders in his office,
but with Ioann [Eristoff](Eristoffs "wikilink") in jail it was high time
that Ilpati Eristoff found a substitute for him. Ioann is far from
incompetent, but as Edouard saw it, he was not able to keep things
running all by himself. And after that [Raid of the
Pure](Breeding_Grounds "wikilink") and the First Change of Ilya, the
family should take some time to get acquainted to the new circumstances.

He sighed. Tomorrow would be another day, and he, too, should get
acquainted to new circumstances, now that
[Alena](Alena_Eristoff "wikilink") lived with him. It didn't help that
he had to call her to delay dinner for a few hours, but it would be
desasterous to her psyche if he would delay it for a second time on the
same day. After all, he and his packmates tried hard enough to convince
her to trust them.

Back home and after dinner, he turned to Alena. "I still have some
unfinished work left, and wondered if you could give me some advice
about it." Alena smiled a bit uncomfortable. "Sorry Edouard, I'm still
not used to your sense of humor. If you're telling a joke, you should at
least try to make it sound funny." Damn, where were his talking skills
when he needed them. "Erm, actually, I wasn't joking. Not much, anyway.
I was thinking about the Eristoff family business..." "I don't know
nothing about it, and I can't do anything about it." Alena interrupted.
Edouard just smiled at that and continued. "Then just listen and tell me
what you think about it. The business of your family has only been lead
by family members. Ioann cannot lead the business, and Ilpati is a good
leader, but I really doubt that he can manage affairs all by himself.
There is just too much detail in everything, and he is not getting any
younger. The day to day affairs seem to be going on quite well, but
there is more to a flourishing business than that. As far as I know,
there is nobody to fill that role. Would you .. erm ... would you be
offended if I offered Ioann and Ilpati my assistance? I don't want you
to think that we werewolfes are manipulative bastards who put their
noses in places where they don't belong... ?"

There was a long silence als Alena's expression changed from irritation
to disbelief and on to amusement. Finally she just asked: "Just out of
curiosity, how many times before did you ask permission before getting
involved in other people's business?"

That took him completely by surprise. What was the matter with him? As
long as he was in his territory, it was his duty to keep things smooth.
And yet he somehow managed to make a complete fool of himself by asking
this unnecessary question. "This is a trick question, isn't it?" Yep,
his talking skills were slowly creeping back from wherever they were in
hiding.

"Sort of," Alena replied. "But I can't think of any good reason as to
why I could be offended because of that." Edouard was relieved. "When
you come up with one, just let me know. I'll visit Ioann tomorrow
morning and give Ilpati a call about it."

The second part is coming soon to a wiki near you...

[Category: Werewolf](Category:_Werewolf "wikilink") [Category:
Tales](Category:_Tales "wikilink")