"This pen is really nice," [Edouard](Edouard "wikilink") thought while
listening to the endless droning at the board meeting. His notepad is
now full of more or less geometric lines and circles. The topic at hand
is the upcoming summer marketing campaign where the bank's customers are
invited for a drink, cheap sandwiches and most importantly colourful
flyers.

"What about the children?" [Edouard](Edouard "wikilink") interrupted the
speaker. "We want the parents to be at ease and spend as much time as
possible with us. I suggest we use a separate room to let the children
have their fun without distracting their parents from doing business
with us. I will take care of it and mail you the estimate of costs until
the day after tomorrow."

After the meeting, [Edouard](Edouard "wikilink") had a talk with his
secretary about the upcoming festivities. They came to the conclusion
that they hire one or two babysitters who supervise the children,
organise crayons and paper. In addition to that, Edouard wanted to have
a coloring book created that tells a nice "fairy tale".

In that "fairy tale", there was a beautiful young woman, and every man
in the country wanted to spend time with her. But they got jealous and
spent most of their time fighting each other about the woman. In the end
they decided to kill her (his secretary assured her that children in
Russia are used to hearing storys about executions as long as they are
vague on the details).

The woman was so beautiful, that even the stones loved her and the stone
where the woman's head rested waiting for decapitation sacrificed itself
to save the woman's life.

During the following confusion, the woman was able to flee the city.

As an extra task for the children, Edouard wanted the children to draw a
picture of the [bleeding
stone](The_fate_of_The_Bleeding_Stone "wikilink") with a competition
where they could win cheap but shiny prices.

[Category:Werewolf](Category:Werewolf "wikilink")
[Category:Tales](Category:Tales "wikilink")