## A world of insanity

Some time after the [struggle
against](battle_against_Rote_Wut "wikilink") [Rote
Wut](Rote_Wut "wikilink") has died down, the signs increased that
something was foul in [my](Edouard_Lambert "wikilink")
[pack's](Pack "wikilink") [territory](territory "wikilink"). There was
this incident which our [Irraka](Aleksandr "wikilink") has witnessed. A
small number of humans walked akwardly in the middle of the street and
behaved as if they came from some decades old movie.

At about the same time, another [packmate](Angus "wikilink") was
attacked by some humans who behaved like one of the many bandits in
Robin Hood stories. They threatened him to give them his money, and when
he didn't comply, they tried to attack him.

And [I](Edouard_Lambert "wikilink") had to witness what might look for
others like a tragic accident in a theatre. At the end of the play, the
actor played out the suicide of his character. He raised a gun to his
head. He pulled the trigger. The bang was as loud as the audience was
silent. The actor dropped to the floor, and a red, wet puddle started to
form around his head. There were only two things that instantly sprang
to my mind. First, I didn't want to attract too many spirits so close to
our [territory](territory "wikilink") that would come leeching for the
essence that would invariably form if the spectators decided to panic.
And second, I had absolutely no intention of attracting big media. So I
did what any Uratha would do: Watch out for the herd, placate them and
keep them oblivious of the real reasons that are as obvious as the rise
of Mother Luna at night.

Thanks to the [pack's](Pack "wikilink") coordinated actions, the root of
all these incidents was soon discovered. It was a lone Uratha who did
his best to guard a banned entity's prison which can be accessed through
a pair of mirrors. He did this by making a great performance in front of
an enthusiastic audience. The essence that is created by the emotions of
the spectators is then used to strengthen the prison. The negative
sideeffect of this is that a great deal of essence is not used for this
strengthening, but it is consumed by spirits which grow bolder from time
to time. The Uratha was very old and he had a talent with the show which
he performed night after night, always in different locations. His
audience loved it.

The [pack](Pack "wikilink") wisely chose a diplomatic way to approach
the guardian. His grand-daughter [Nadja](Nadja_Ivanetsch "wikilink") is
a woolf-blood, and the [pack](pack "wikilink") made some effort to him
through her. While we tried to contact her in a bar, a misunderstanding
arose somewhere and a shooting began, in which
[Nadja](Nadja_Ivanetsch "wikilink") became injured and fled with her
van. Three of the [pack's](Pack "wikilink") Uratha took together all
their agility and followed the van on foot until she was safely in her
flat.

It didn't take long to persuade her that her flat was not a safe place
to stay, and she followed the pack to [my](Edouard_Lambert "wikilink")
appartment, where she immediately felt safe and protected.

With [Nadja's](Nadja_Ivanetsch "wikilink") aid, we could meet the
guardian at one of his performances and help him carry the mirrors to
[my](Edouard_Lambert "wikilink") appartment, where he patiently
explained to us the finer points of what lies behind the shiny surface
of the mirrors. Behind it lies a wold of insanity. In it, you can walk a
straight line which crosses itself, you can walk on a floor which is
supported by nothing but warped emptyness, and its very aura can be
harmful.

<enter the details of what happened there and why here>

The way in which the [pack](pack "wikilink") worked was most remarkable.
To the [naive](:Category:_Vampire "wikilink") it might have been the
easiest way for the pack to tell this Uratha to take his mirrors perform
his magic somewhere else. But the pack chose a wiser way. Not only did
it remove the nuisance within its territory, but it also prevented
possible destruction and agony somewhere else.

[Category:Werewolf](Category:Werewolf "wikilink")
[Category:Tales](Category:Tales "wikilink")