#### Intro: Theatre Spirits on the Loose

About a month after the [battle against Rote
Wut](battle_against_Rote_Wut "wikilink") ended and things finally
settled down a bit in the territory, the pack encountered strange
phenomena in the space of a few hours. While
[Aleksandr](Aleksandr "wikilink") encountered people dancing in the
streets, [Grigor](Grigor "wikilink") was stopped and attacked by Robin
Hood impersonators. Repeatedly, members of the pack encountered people
blocking the entrance to houses and demanding obscure riddles to be
solved before letting people pass.

These events coincided with the arrival of
[Grigori](Grigori "wikilink"), returning from a long voyage through
Siberia with a warning: in his dreams, the pack solved a lesser problem
by killing it and only thus paved the way for an even greater problem to
arrive. The pack met at Grigor's place and, while exchanging recent
news, decided that quick action was needed in response to the day's
events.

[Angus](Angus "wikilink") and [Edouard](Edouard_Lambert "wikilink") went
to talk to the [Cinema Spirit](Cinema_Spirit "wikilink") the pack
already knew from their [conquest of a
locus](Conquest_of_the_Locus "wikilink"). In exchange for a modicum of
essence and the promise of Angus to revive the weekly [cinema
club](cinema_club "wikilink") he once attended, the spirit was willing
to tell them that the dancing spirits were not necessarily 1950s style
cinema spirits, but rather spirits that found an "opportunity". The
cinema spirit was unable to explain what an opportunity is, though.

#### Act 1: An Opportunity for Spirits, a Burden for Werewolves

Further investigations about the reason and nature of these events
quickly linked the opportunity to rogue spirits being able to cross the
gauntlet in great numbers. It was revealed that there had been an
opportunity somewhere close to the [garbage-burning
facility](garbage-burning_facility "wikilink"). However, it was not
possible to determine the exact nature of this opportunity. With some
leg work by Grigor and [Aleksandr](Aleksandr "wikilink"), the pack was
able to find out that the place in question was a small cabaret club.
There, a one-man show had been hosted the previous night, run by a
complete [stranger](Yorek_"Howl-from-beyond" "wikilink") that did not
bother to stay afterwards or even introduce himself. Everyone agreed
that the show was especially good.

While strange events linked to rogue spirits continued to rise, the pack
tried to pin down this stranger and find a place where they would be
able to watch the show -- and thus, the opportunity -- themselves. Using
their contacts to their advantage the pack was able to locate the next
show within two days, to be held at a local pub. It had already begun,
and the location was overrun with people wanting to see his unique
performance.

Trying to enter through the back door, Angus was ambushed by three
spirits of pain, which were quickly driven off after the rest of the
pack arrived. Breaking down the back doors, the werewolves made their
way through the pub's basement into the pub itself. They tried to find
the man performing the shows -- or his granddaughter, who was organising
them. The granddaughter turned out to be
[Nadja](Nadja_Ivanetsch "wikilink"), the presumed wolf-blooded the pack
already knew from previous encounters. A shot suddenly fell and panic
ensued.

While Grigor and Aleksandr moved out to block the way to Nadja's car,
Angus noticed that the old man seemed to be unperturbed and still
acting, despite the mass of panicked people trying to squeeze out of the
bar. Outside, Grigor spotted Nadja getting into the car and approached
her with the intention of stopping her. A second shot rang, and things
spiralled out of control. Grigor succumbed into Death Rage, as the
(silver) bullet shot by Nadja burned its way through his flesh with
supernatural force. Aleksandr almost lost his life holding back Grigor,
helping Nadja make an escape with her car. In the ensuing chaos, both
Nadja and her grandfather managed to escape.

#### Act 2: A Burden for Werewolves, a Duty for Werewolves

It did not take long for the pack to track Nadja down to her apartment.
As the pack planned for her extraction, her grandfather again got away.
After some investigation the werewolves managed to confront and capture
Nadja, who could barely move with the heavy injuries suffered in escape
from the scene of Grigor's carnage. They put her in Edouard's place and
tried to get information about her grandfather out of her, although with
little success.

The old man did not plan to evade them. He returned to the scene of his
first play to give another performance. The pack was also present, and
as the old man gave his play, Angus was able to see an increasing number
of spirits crossing the gauntlet. The play was a number of dialogues
held with the reflections in one of three mirrors. The pack moved to
stop him, cutting the power to the stage and bar and starting to
evacuate the attendents. It turned out the old man was actually a
werewolf, though he was beyond normal madness. The interruption of his
play seemed to almost destroy him, and he broke down into an incoherent
babbling about something 'crossing the barrier'. As they had been warned
by Grigori's dream not to kill him, they took him with them to Edouard's
apartment. While the rest of the pack commenced to chase down the great
number of rogue spirits plaguing the territory, Edouard and Grigori took
turns in trying to get some information out of the old man. After two
days of listening to his mad ramblings, they finally got the rough
details -- the best that they could hope for. The mirror represented the
entrance to a 'parallel version' of some Siberian castle, and a strange
being of madness had started infiltrating the other side and threatened
to break through into the mortal world. The parallel world was once
simply the spirit reflection of the keep, and later transformed into a
sort of 'pocket stronghold' by one of the castles' lords. By performing
the stage show, the old man was able to generate enough essence to keep
the natural defences of the parallel world active, thus preventing the
strange being from breaking through.

For the promise of expanding the packs control eastwards and lessening
the territorial no-man's-land between them and the
[Glasfelle](Glasfelle "wikilink") pack, Angus was able to obtain
information on how to best resolve the problem. Obviously, it would not
be possible to continue the stage rituals, as too many spirits were able
to cross the border. More even, if this turned out to be a regular
event. Instead, if the pack could make their way through to the heart of
the parallel castle and take it back with them to the real world, the
link between the mirror and the parallel world would be severed, denying
the strange being its way into reality. Without hesitation, the pack
gathered and embarked on the journey.

#### Final: Inside the Castle of Dementia

The castle was a weird place: the walls seemed to leak off into
nothingness, sucking away the life energies of the werewolves. Strange
spirits blocked their way, and the walls themselves formed arms and
tentacles to lash out at the intruders. The floors and halls of the
castle were ever-shifting and changing once the pack entered a new room.
Finally, they found the centre, a red diamond resting in the hands of
the statue of a priest, flanked by two stone knights. Obviously, the
statues did not stay immobile long after the diamond was removed and the
pack had to make a fighting retreat. It was here that Grigor made up for
his earlier glitch, proving essential to the fight by reducing the
priest statue to a pile of rubble and covering the retreat of his
packmates. In the end, all packmembers made it out alive -- though for
some it was a very close call.

Angus freed the powerful spirit bound into the diamond, and the old
werewolf, finally free of the burden that had driven him insane, went
off to spent his last years in Siberia, resuming the wanderings he had
to interrupt so long ago when he first found the mirrors.

[Category: Werewolf](Category:_Werewolf "wikilink") [Category:
Tales](Category:_Tales "wikilink")