## A True Leader?

Juha hurried into the new youth centre in the south of Admiralitetsky,
shaking the last of the freezing rain out of his hood. He was a young
Finnish lad, 17 years old or so, and judging from his meagre clothing,
he came from a poor immigrant family, like most in the neighbourhood.
Nodding his head in greeting at one of his younger compatriots, he cast
his eye around the large common room, freshly decorated with posters and
pot plants: it was home to several comfy chairs and coffee tables,
vending machines and a bar, a notice board, a pool table, and a jukebox.
Rumours abounded concerning the identity of the mysterious benefactor
who had suddenly decided to fund the place's establishment... It had
proven to be a hit, although the shabby-looking clientele didn't nearly
match the quality of its outfittings. Still, that was being rectified
soon enough: already some tribal grafitti adorned its outside walls, and
another boy picked away at the fabric of one of the new chairs.

Grigor poked his face in from the private meeting room in the cellar and
tilted his head, indicating that Juha should come down. After, Grigor
locked the door behind him. The place already stank from one of the
boss' horrid brand of cigarettes, but obviously everyone knew better
than to complain. The youth sat down quietly beside the three others,
another Finn and two hard-looking Ukrainian lads who were sharing some
private joke. The unshaven Grigor sat down on the only table in the room
and rapped his knuckles on it to bring the group to attention. *"Right
boys, no games this evening\! We've got a job to do."* Juha found it
difficult to look him in the eye -- the man had an intense feral look
about him, as if he was always only one heartbeat away from deadly
violence. Which, if rumour was to be believed, was not so very far from
the truth...

*"Before we begin, just something to take care of..."* Grigor opened a
black leather bag that looked like some kind of toolbox, withdrawing a
syringe and a fistful of small glass vials. *"I need a sample from each
of you."* he growled, gesturing for them to raise up their sleeves.
*"What's that for, boss?"* asked Marko, the biggest of the Ukrainians,
lazily chewing gum. *"Don't ask questions."* Grigor abruptly retorted.
Marko rolled up his T-shirt, revealing a tattooed and muscled arm --
obviously a wannabee boxer. The boss began taking a blood sample from
each. *"Don't worry,"* he laughed, *"the needle's clean. Needs to be
real clean... It's only the gays who get the aids, anyway, and I'll not
have any bummers working for me... least none of you lot better be."*

From each of the freshly-collected vials of blood, Grigor emptied a
small amount into a portable brazier which he retrieved from the case.
Before safely stowing the vials away, he firstly dipped his little
finger delicately into each, in turn. He tasted each sample in turn,
pausing momentarily in concentration. He then took a knife to his own
palm, cutting out a few drops of his blood into the mix.

Juha was, not for the first nor the last time, beginning to question the
wisdom of working for this man. He seemed to have some very odd beliefs,
and sanity didn't exactly seem to be his strong point. He was now
burning away the splashes of blood in the brazier -- stinking up the
room even more -- and inhaling deeply of the fumes. He began some kind
of prayer or incantation. Juha didn't understand most of it -- some
gobbledegook about a "Father Wolf" watching over them and blessing their
"hunt"... What the fuck?

The young men glanced surreptitiously and uncertainly at each other,
carefully masking their scepticism and disgust, in case Grigor glanced
in their direction. The mafia man finished the weird ceremony and
cleaned up the accoutrements scrupulously, packing them away in his work
case. He brushed his hands together and cleared his throat. *"Right now,
the job. Pay attention -- if you don't, you'll end up dead, sooner than
you think. Some independent immigrant asshole down here is peddling some
drugs, and the bosses don't like it. People stepping on their noses,
taking their money and customers and shit. So we're going to put him out
of business... permanently."*

*"Now, if it comes down to a fight, you need to remember three
things..."* Grigor proceeded to give a short motivational speech...
Curiously, his words began to make sense to Juha, and the young Finn
felt his fears melting away, to be replaced by confidence and
anticipation. He felt up for a fight and bunched his fists together...
*"So, are you ready?\!"* Grigor cried. The boys leaped from their seats
and punched at the air. Grigor smiled in satisfaction at the effect the
words had had on his new followers.

## So Much for the Backup

According to Grigor's plan, three of the boys had gone on ahead to the
target's kiosk, from where he was supposedly peddling the drugs, while
he and Juha had a different objective. Juha wondered if this meant that
the boxer had identified him as the one in the group most suited to...
subtler tasks?

It was late evening, and the two of them made their way unobtrusively
through the dark, dishevelled streets, Grigor still clutching his sturdy
black leather work case. As they were about to cross the main road, a
large articulated lorry, presumably heading for the steel works, rumbled
towards them. *"Stop\!"* Grigor hissed suddenly to Juha, *"the truck\!"*
Without any further ado, the boss sprinted off the side of the road and
into a nearby yard, hiding away from the vehicle behind some garbage
bins. Juha scrambled after him, confused, and crouched down beside him.
*"What is it, boss?"* he whispered. *"It's the Pure\!"* Grigor replied
frantically, *"They're coming to take us away\! Like the others\!"* Juha
had no idea what this meant, but for the first time he saw real fear in
the Russian's face, and so he decided not to ask any further questions.
*"Uh... okay"* he murmured, *"well I don't think they saw us."* The
lorry motored past noisily and made its way off towards the steel works.
Several moments passed, with Grigor breathing heavily, staring off into
space... Unsettled, Juha eventually ventured a look out from behind the
bins. *"Well, I think they're gone now. You can come out."* They hurried
on to their destination, and Juha decided it would be best to say no
more about this strange episode.

A short way up the road was a large bar, frequented mostly by
Ukrainians. Grigor seemed to have recovered his composure. *"Right, this
is the place,"* he said, as he lead the boy inside.

As Grigor and his protege sipped at their vodkas in a corner, the Rahu
briefly explained the plan to Juha. *"Right, we have to figure out who
this guy is."* He then fished out his mobile phone and called up Marko.
*"Yeah, it's a go. Give him a bit of grief, but DON'T overdo it\! Just
enough for him to make the call."* The two then sat back and
unobtrusively watched the clientiele. After a minute or two, Juha nudged
Grigor and pointed out a burly guy at the bar. He was answering his
phone with a frown. After the call, the figure seemed to curse under his
breath, before quickly grabbing his leather jacket and making his way to
the door. *"Yeah, that's our man,"* Grigor affirmed, and the two quickly
drank up and followed him out.

The target had hurried to his motorbike, parked in a dark cul-de-sac
next to the bar. Grigor quickly eyed up the situation -- favourable,
since no-one else was around -- and smiled grimly to himself. He handed
the leather case to the young Finn. *"Here, hold this and keep an eye
out for any trouble from the corner."* Juha did as he was told and went
to watch the main street. From behind him in the alley, he heard some
kind of warning growl. Strange... the target must have had a dog with
him? A few moments later, there was the sound of a brief commotion or
fisticuffs, culminating in a terminal-sounding groan, and the crash of a
slowly-toppling bike. Juha didn't turn around -- some things are better
not to know, he thought to himself. A few seconds later, his strange
boss emerged, dusting off his hands, and clapped the lad on the
shoulder. He didn't seem much out of breath. *"So much for the backup,"*
he growled.

## Out of Business

It was late evening in the immigrant district. The makeshift shop --
little more than a shack -- had some unwelcome visitors... Inside, the
proprietor, an elderly man dressed in a traditional smock, was
frightened and cornered, blood running from his freshly-broken nose,
desperately fending off three youths with a baseball bat. It looked like
they had started to trash the place. Marko, the Ukrainian, seemed to be
enjoying the job, and he leered at the owner. *"Yeah, what are you going
to do about it, old man, Mr Drug Dealer? Call the police?"* The lads
laughed. As if seizing on the idea, the old guy desperately fumbled for
the phone on the wall. There was no tone. Swearing desperately in
Ukranian, he instead yanked out his mobile phone. One of the lads
stepped forward as if to stop him, but Marko held him back. *"Yeah old
man,"* he grinned, *"call your friend again, why don't you? Tell him to
hurry\! We're all waiting here..."* They laughed again.

There was the sound of a ringing phone from just outside, and then the
back door smashed open. Grigor, followed by Juha, fresh from cutting the
phone line, strolled in menacingly. Grigor waved the still-ringing
mobile phone in the air, wiping the blood off it. *"You called?"* The
blood seemed to drain from the old man's face. *"Where's Sergei?\!"* he
gasped. *"Sergei's not coming,"* the Rahu responded ominously.

The boys backed off, letting Grigor step in. The owner swung desperately
at the Blood Talon, but Grigor caught his arm deftly with a smirk,
snapping it behind his back. With his other arm, he grabbed the old
man's jaw, and shook it roughly. *"Where's the drugs, you old fucker?"*
The helpless owner seemed to hesitate for a moment... Grigor glanced
over to Juha. *"Start by breaking one of his fingers..."* The young Finn
looked uncertain, but Marko stepped forward with a grin, picking up the
dropped baseball bat. Grigor forced one of the man's hands onto the
counter, splaying out his fingers. Marko eyed up the blow... *"Alright,
alright,"* the old man spluttered, *"I'll show you. I'll fuckin' show
you\! Motherfuckers."* Grigor freed him up enough so that he could
rummage out a plastic carton hidden underneath the counter. The Rahu
snatched it out of his hands and briefly inspected its contents. Bingo.
*"Thankyou. Now, that wasn't so hard, was it?"* He didn't allow any time
for the old man to reply, however, and smashed his fist into his gut.
The wretched victim crashed to the floor, coughing and doubling up.

Grigor withdrew his heavy pistol from his back pocket and handed it to
Marko. *"You're up,"* he ordered, nodding in the direction of the
helpless owner, who recovered sufficiently to begin begging for mercy in
between bloody coughs and gasps of air. The big Ukrainian lad seemed to
hesitate. Grigor leaned in to his face. *"C'mon, we have to set an
example to these fucks\! Do you want to be a man, or don't you?"* Juha
watched in horrified fascination as the Blood Talon leant in closer to
Marko's ear, whispering seductively. He didn't catch what was said, but
evidently the boss had said the right words, because the Ukrainian's
gaze adopted a fanatical look and slowly roved over the old guy on the
floor. He raised the gun... BAM. It was done.

Bear's Bane promptly took his leather case from Juha and selected a
syringe from inside, carefully taking a blood sample from the dead guy.
Meanwhile, the lads looked on nervously, in a hurry to leave as soon as
possible after the gunshot. Grigor didn't seem too rushed, however.
After finishing with his sample, he strode over to the till, and
relieved it of its cash. He doled out the notes to each of the four
lads, who certainly weren't slow to accept them, giving a few extra to
Marko. *"Right, let's get out of this shithole."* He spotted a cardboard
box full of a decent vodka, placed the drugs inside it, and tucked it
under his arm. Before leaving, he knocked the rest of the alcohol over
and flicked a lit match on the wreckage. Half of the floor quickly leapt
up in flames.

A few yards away from the shack, now starting to burn well, was a
rubbish dumpster. Grigor opened up his case again, extracting a clear
plastic bag containing a similar-looking gun to his. He carefully
emptied the bag into the dumpster without touching its contents. *"Even
the pigs shouldn't be dumb enough to miss this,"* he muttered to
himself. The gun had been given to him by Angus, along with a
suggestion. [Something](To_serve_and_protect "wikilink") about framing
someone "guilty" and needing to "boost the police clean-up rates".
Whatever.

[Category:Werewolf](Category:Werewolf "wikilink")
[Category:Tales](Category:Tales "wikilink")