## A gathering of kindred souls

Grigor motored along the rough country road, his black leather jacket
zipped up tight against the early autumn chill. He was by now a fair
ways to the northeast of St. Petersburg; to his right were the remains
of a few straggly fields and hamlets; ahead and to his left, nothing but
wild forest, brooding and dark. The young Rahu was speeding fast on his
Yamaha, but even he was struggling to keep up with his guide. He
squinted ahead in the failing light of late afternoon: [Yelena
Dimitrovna](Yelena_Dimitrovna "wikilink"), in a red vintage sports car,
was driving as if possessed. Grigor grimaced and pulled his woolly hat
tighter over his unhelmeted head, before ramming the accelerator
again...

A few assorted vehicles had been parked on the side of the road -- by
now little more than a dirt track -- adjacent to the forest. Grigor
pulled up and saw that Yelena hadn't waited for him. He nervously lit up
one of his cigarettes and peered into the gloom under the trees,
shivering slightly in the wind. There appeared to be some recent tracks
and wolf-scent, and so the prospective recruit followed. In a clearing a
short ways in, most of the other [Bear Hunters](Bear_Hunters "wikilink")
had already gathered. Melody of Iron -- Yelena -- was being greeted
warmly by the others. She didn't seem to pay any attention to Grigor or
introduce him, so he hung back at the edge of the group. The Rahu
recognised some of the faces from the last gathering of the Blood
Talons, where it had been his honour -- or perhaps simply luck -- to
strike the killing blow against their foe, but the majority were
unfamiliar to him. A couple of them nodded at him in acknowledgement,
but he also noticed more than one hostile glance or snarl in his
direction. Clearly not all of the Bear Hunters were convinced of his
worthiness.

The group of werewolves indulged in some light sparring as they waited
for the ceremony to begin. Yelena, in Dalu form and dressed in a
ceremonially painted leather breastplate, wielding an axe and a spear,
faced off against a tall Dalu in chainmail, swinging a two-handed
great-axe. Another pair shifted to Urshul and began squaring off,
probing each other's defenses, although they never seemed to actually
trade blows. Grigor watched from the back and momentarily contemplated
joining in. His boxing opponent from the Blood Talon gathering seemed to
absent, however. In fact, the more he thought about it, this was
obviously no place for a boxer, an individualist, a lone fighter. He
wondered whether the [Blood Seekers](Blood_Seekers "wikilink"), crazy as
they undoubtedly are, might not have been more suited to his talents...
He shook his head. It was too late now\! He had decided to throw in his
lot with these guys, and he had to make the best of it.

At the onset of dusk, the Hunters gathered around the fire at the centre
of the clearing -- there were maybe a dozen or so in total. An older
looking red-bearded Dalu, whom Grigor did not recognise, stepped forward
to speak. He raised one fist in the air and proclaimed gruffly, "My
fellow Bear Hunters, on this night of the Equinox we gather once again
for our traditional hunt\!" Shouts and murmurs of approval. "Our quarry
this night is an especially ancient and dangerous one: the Predator
Kings\!" A mixture of growls and hisses broke out among the audience.
Grigor himself felt his throat go dry. Predator Kings - the fiercest of
the Pure\! He had only faced off against such an opponent once, and only
then had been required to hold it off for half a minute or so... As he
contemplated the magnitude of this task, Red-Beard continued to speak of
recent battles against the Pure, and of how others in the city had
pleaded for action to be taken, and of the Bear Hunters' duty and honour
in answering the call...

## The hunt is on

At the end of the speech, met with battle-howls and cries of approval,
the small group of the Forsaken set about the hunt with the minimum of
delay. They seemed to gather immediately in three groups. The first,
involving Yelena, consisted of a formidable-looking armoured group,
wielding a variety of great swords and axes. The second, and smallest,
consisted of three Dalus dressed in camouflage and carrying backpacks,
wielding sturdy rifles. Two appeared to be traditional huntsmen but the
third had more the seeming of a military sniper. The largest group
consisted simply of an athletic-looking bunch in Urshul form. Still
nobody seemed to pay any attention to Grigor, so he was going to have
sort himself out, and quickly -- it didn't seem like anyone would want
to waste time with his questions. The Rahu quickly shucked off his
leather jacket and clothes, pulling out his heavy pistol. He weighed it
contemplatively in his hands before tossing it aside with a shrug. You
don't bring a pistol to a rifle hunt, and human fists aren't going to be
much good against an armed foe, let alone the Pure\! Naked, he shifted
to Urshul form and joined up with the last group.

The Urshuls were the first to leave the clearing. Seeing Bears Bane join
along, the seeming leader of the group growled at him in First Tongue to
keep up and not make any noise. They sprinted silently into the dark
forest...

As they ascended a long rise into a hilly part of the forest, Grigor
found himself bounding along near the rear of the group, struggling to
keep up. His fur soon became damp with sweat, despite the night chill.
Still, several of the werewolves among them seemed to be running with a
much greater economy or ease of movement. Apart from his panting and the
pounding of his heart, Bear's Bane could make out almost no other sounds
in the gloom, except for when either he or one other who seemed
similarly inexperienced disturbed the undergrowth slightly, causing a
faint sound, with which the leader responded with a barely audible growl
of disapproval.

Reaching the top of the rise, Grigor felt a prickly sensation along his
back and a sudden shiver of breeze. Somehow, he knew that they had just
entered into the territory of the Pure. All in the group seemingly felt
it, and they paused momentarily, glancing down the hill beyond. The
light of the moon filtered down faintly through the trees, providing
just about enough illumination for a wolf to see by. The leader seemed
to orient himself without much effort, and quickly led the group on with
renewed urgency. The woods here seemed somehow more ancient, more
menacing... Grigor's sweat turned colder. Any minute, he was expecting a
group of Predator Kings to materialise from behind the next tree... But
the forest remained silent. They ran on.

After quite some while, another invisible boundary seemed to be reached.
The alien territory of the Pure lay behind them, and they had returned
to normal forest. Had they gone the wrong way? Why were they going back
out of their enemy's territory? Grigor was confused, and half-exhausted,
but still he didn't question their actions. The leader of the group
suddenly slowed up, glanced around, and sniffed at the air, before
leading the oversized wolves to the foot of an overhang, where the
undergrowth was particularly thick. He wormed his way into a recess
behind the foliage and disappeared. The rest followed, and thus was the
group hidden.

Bear's Bane crouched, waiting, and quickly regained his breath. He
glanced across to the others -- it was almost pitch black in the hiding
place, but he could smell them and hear their breathing quite
distinctly. No-one moved an inch. Grigor's wolf-face frowned slightly.
He was a warrior, so what was he doing hidden away in some dingy hole
like a coward? As he pondered this unusual situation, a group of battle
howls suddenly reverberated through the forest, from quite some distance
away. He thought he recognised Yelena's Dalu howl among the group --
they seemed to be issuing a challenge to come and fight. At last --
action\! Grigor tensed himself, ready to spring up and sprint to the
battle... But his compatriots remained motionless, as if they hadn't
heard it at all. Most strange...

The waiting continued, in suspenseful silence. Again, and at irregular
intervals, Yelena's group of Dalus issued the battle howl, and each
time, none of the Urshuls responded. Grigor felt that they had waited an
age -- surely at least a couple of hours -- and was beginning to wonder
how long it would be until dawn, when the battle howls came again. Was
it his imagination, or was there this time the subtlest change in the
tone of their cries? Clearly he was not imagining it, because the group
suddenly awoke and sprang out from their hiding place. The Urshuls ran
towards the direction of the howls, back into Pure territory, and fanned
out. Grigor moved out to one side, trying to keep in formation. He saw
some of the others moving with an almost supernatural speed, but then
they would pause, so as not to disturb their synchronous parallel
approach. Now things were becoming clearer to Grigor\! Seemingly, they
were to surprise the Predator Kings with a sudden attack to the rear, or
else to cut off their retreat.

## Into battle

As the wolves darted up a hill through the black forest, spread out in a
long line, a chill suddenly went through the air and the group halted.
They all saw them: ambling down through the hill ahead of them were a
group of shadowy beings, and the cold air seemed to radiate their menace
outwards. Were these their foe? The silhouettes certainly bore the form
of wolves, almost prehistoric in their age and size. Grigor remembered
that [Grigori](Grigori "wikilink") had once told him about the ancient
and powerful spirits that were allied to the Pure, which were rumoured
to dwell in the ancient Russian forests... These great black wolf
spirits hissed at the air and began to tumble down through the forest
towards them. The group of Forsaken responded immediately, sprinting to
one side in an attempt to circumvent them. Half of them now raced with
unrestricted speed, so fast that their legs were almost a blur. Bear's
Bane looked on with envy -- he had heard that some Forsaken were blessed
with the legendary speed of Father Wolf, and clearly it was true\! He
would have to ask one of them about it later -- assuming he made it out
alive, that was...

Those with speed far in advance of Grigor's managed to outrun and evade
the primeval wolf-spirits, and vanished into the forest ahead in a blur,
presumably to rejoin their compatriots in battle as planned. This left
the slower Urshuls in the group, Grigor and two others, to face the
spirits alone.

There seemed to be four of them, seemingly mighty shadows of Gauru-
wolves from forgotten nightmares. One of the three Urshuls, Stone Jaws,
growled to Grigor that he should hold back and take them from the side.
He and the other, Curses-in-Riddles, then dashed forward into battle,
darting in between their four opponents, so as to disrupt their defense
and attack from an unexpected direction. A chaos of growls, screams, and
jostling wolves resulted. Bear's Bane waited no longer and sprinted
forward and to one side, where a small rocky outcropping conveniently
overlooked the battle. He sprang up onto it, and, without hesistation,
stretched his hind legs in a great leap... The flying Rahu landed on the
back of one of the unsuspecting spirits who was about to strike at
Curses-in-Riddles, digging his claws into its shoulders and his Urshul
jaws into its neck. The thing screamed and shook Grigor off, but the
damage had been done -- blood-essence spurted from an artery in its
neck. Curses-in-Riddles seized this opportunity and darted in for the
killing blow. The thing shattered into shards of nothingness.

Grigor's interjection had turned the tide of the fight in their favour,
but Stone Jaws had been left to deal with two opponents alone. There was
a great snapping blow, and a roar of pain from his direction... Grigor
and Anton -- Curses-in-Riddles -- quickly set about taking on one
opponent each. It was a short, brutal, fight, but they slightly
outmatched their enemies, at least in tenacity and reserves, albeit not
in size and strength. As the bloodied Forsaken struck their
discorporating blows, they turned to see how Stone Jaws, with a
desperate last-gasp effort, leap at his foe in an all-out attack. The
two forms rolled on the ground, howling, and the spirit was
extinguished. They had won.

The two relatively uninjured Forsaken approached Stone Jaws. His fur was
matted with blood, although he still stood defiantly, gasping for
breath. One of his hind legs was badly wounded, however, perhaps even
broken, and he walked with a pronounced limp. Clearly, he wouldn't be
able to get to the battle in time, and Grigor guessed that he had
already used up his reserves of essence. Curses-in-Riddles asked what
they could do to help, but Stone Jaws rebuffed him, growling harshly.
Anton hesistated for a brief moment, before sprinting away, leaving
Grigor alone with the lame Urshul-wolf. "You too, Bear's Bane," he
panted in First Tongue, spitting out blood. "Go\! What are you waiting
for?\!" Grigor hesitated... Surely he couldn't leave his injured
compatriot alone here in Pure territory? It was highly questionable
whether he would be able to make it out alive... But if Grigor stayed to
help, perhaps his chances would be better? After all, he owed him that
much, after Stone Jaws had effectively sacrificed himself in battle, by
taking the brunt of the attack.

He stared at the lame, bloodied wolf, and for a moment or two no words
were exchanged. Grigor seemed to notice a weary glossiness in the
other's eyes, just the same as in the defeated eyes of the deer that
Grigor had felled in the last pack hunt... or was it just his
imagination? Stone Jaws spoke again, gasping to spit out the words. "The
pack needs you. Go\! Leave me here\! The Pure are more dangerous even
than the foe we have just faced... Go, God curse you\!" Grigor
hesistated for another moment, in an agony of indecision, before
responding, "Good luck. May Mother Luna watch over you." He sprang away
up the hillside, leaving Stone Jaws to an uncertain fate.

Bear's Bane now had to catch up, or he would miss the fight, and,
although he was unlikely to be the most accomplished fighter in the
group, the others would still be weakened by his absence\! He raced
through the trees, following Anton's scent from half a minute ago, all
thoughts of stealth discarded. Distantly, he heard crashes and howls of
battle... He caught a brief glimpse of his leader, already way ahead,
sprinting down a slope to cross a brook. Grigor noticed a potential
short cut, a fallen tree branch atop a rise. He could make it to the
other side more quickly, but it would have to be a mighty leap indeed...
He steeled himself and sprang across the gap of many metres. The tree
trunk crashed into the stream below, but Grigor was across, and he was
now hot on the heels of Curses-in-Riddles. The two Forsaken made it to
the top of the hill. Ahead in a clearing were lights, and the sounds of
battle rang out clearly. Among the roars were almost impossibly deep and
menacing growls. The Predator Kings had arrived.

## A lesson in violence

His heart thumping, Grigor raced to the edge of an indeterminate area
mostly bereft of trees, dimly lit by the scattered light of the several
torches which the Dalu group of Bear Hunters had seemingly thrust into
the ground in order to demarcate their chosen battle area. The Rahu was
momentarily overwhelmed by the chaos of sounds and scents: growls,
clashes, gunfire, howls, blood, smoke, burning flesh, gunpowder. He was
dimly aware as Curses-in-Riddles dashed off to one side and leaped onto
the back of a mighty-looking Predator King Dalu. Grigor glanced around
in a moment of indecision... Ahead of him in the clearing one Forsaken
was being overwhelmed by a pair of formidable-looking Pure Urshuls. He
looked like he would soon be vanquished, but Grigor was not at all sure
that he would be able to take them by himself. To his left he noticed a
Pure Urhan creeping through the undergrowth to sneak up on what, judging
from his scent, Grigor presumed to be one of the Forsaken armed with
rifles, who had hidden himself. Slightly further off in the other
direction, Melody-of-Iron was battling against a giant Dalu wielding an
mighty axe. It was difficult to judge the progress of her fight, but she
was bleeding from several wounds... Grigor had to make a decision, and
quickly\!

Momentarily orienting himself behind the sneaking Urhan, he shifted his
vocal cords to human form and yelled out "One sneaking Pure\! Shoot in
this direction\!" The Urhan immediately shifted to Urshul, however, and
sprang to one side. Grigor was already sprinting away when he heard the
sharp crack of a rifle behind him. He couldn't tell what had happened,
but he hoped at least that he had prevented the hunter from being
ambushed. Other than that, the guy with the rifle would have to look out
for himself\!

Grigor bunched his muscles and raced into the clearing towards Yelena's
opponent. Tensing himself, he let out a roar and sprang onto the
Predator King Dalu, brutally ripping at its shoulders with his Urshul
jaws. The thing let out a bestial howl and eventually managed to shake
him off, but it had been enough of a diversion. Despite her wounds,
Yelena didn't hesitate to seize the opportunity -- she darted inside the
Dalu's defenses and slammed her axe squarely into its chest with
surprising force. It let out a horrific howl-scream, coughing up blood,
and toppled to the ground. One down.

Melody-of-Iron only gave him the briefest of glances -- he couldn't read
her expression, but, as ever, she didn't seem too pleased -- before
sprinting over to the waylaid Forsaken that Grigor had noticed earlier.
Grigor was only a step or two behind her, but they seemed to have
arrived a moment too late -- the Forsaken had just slumped to the
ground, motionless. One of the Pure Urshuls, fresh blood dripping from
its fangs, stepped over the body, about to rend it in two, when it was
stopped by Grigor's ominous warning growl. The two Pure Urshuls whirled
around with a wicked snarl to face the two oncoming Blood Talons. Yelena
let out a furious battle cry and engaged the more fearsome-looking
Predator King, leaving Grigor to take on the other. Had his opponent
been unwounded, it would have been a daunting foe, but it was already
suffering from a wide gash in its torso, presumably inflicted by the
fallen Forsaken. As Grigor moved in, there was the cracking boom of a
nearby rifle shot as his opponent took a bullet squarely in the back.
Bear's Bane smashed into him with a mighty attack, and the two Urshuls
blurred in a frenzy of jaws, fur, and claws. Given the weakend state of
his opponent, it didn't take Grigor too long to prevail, and he closed
his jaws on his enemy's neck with a killing blow.

There was no time to celebrate this easy victory, however, as next to
him Yelena was engaged in a fight to the death against the
Urshul-from-Hell. It would take their combined might to defeat him...
Bear's Bane was already weary and bleeding, but he ground his teeth in
determination and let rip with a battle howl. He felt the ecstacy of
battle rise within him and a new strength and vigour suddenly flowed
through his veins. His muscles bunched, stretched, and grew, and his
fangs extended into a nightmarish maw... The Gauru-Grigor smashed into
the fight with the Predator King alongside Yelena. With the red mist of
battle-fury, he didn't remember much of the epic conflict, although he
was dimly aware of how Yelena was cleverly probing at their opponent
with her battle-spear, so as to leave an opening for the Gauru, which he
exploited with maximum violence. The Predator King struck back at his
two attackers valiantly, but he seemed to be unprepared for the unusual
combination of cautious and probing Dalu, alongside battle-crazed
Gauru... After an epic struggle, Yelena managed to pin the beast with
her spear and Grigor leaped onto it from behind, pushing it onto the
shaft with inexorable force. Its body sagged as the spear punched
straight through its chest, snapping, and Grigor's Gauru jaws closed on
its neck.

Victory howls echoed throughout the clearing, and the last thing Grigor
remembered was his ecstatic Gauru howl joining them... The red mist
cleared and Bear's Bane came to his senses, in Dalu form. A wave of
pain, fatigue, and nausea suddenly crashed over him and he slumped to
his knees. As the other Forsaken, still finishing their victory cries,
began to assemble and assess the situation, Grigor was still
half-slumped on the ground, gasping for air and coughing up blood with a
grimace. At the edge of the clearing he caught a brief glance of one of
the wounded Predator Kings in retreat...

## The price of victory

Three of the Predator Kings had been slain in all, but the Forsaken had
lost one of their number, Hawk-Eye, the one who had fallen before Grigor
and Yelena's final opponents. Grigor looked down at his body solemnly.
Should he have helped him sooner? Perhaps if he had come straight to his
aid, he could have been saved? But then, could Grigor have held off the
two Pure by himself? Unlikely, and then maybe Yelena might not have
prevailed against her opponent... As he was pondering this and still
wearily regaining his breath, some of the other Bear Hunters began
cutting the canine teeth from the bodies of the Pure.

They returned down the hill, back to their original gathering place.
Grigor helped to carry the body of Hawk-Eye. Building up the fire again,
a ritual was started; as far as Grigor could tell, it seemed to be some
kind of victory ceremony dedicated to Fenris-Ur. After about half an
hour of this, three of the Pure canine teeth were offered up in
chiminage, leaving three remaining. Wolf-spirits materialised around the
fire -- servants of Fenris-Ur, perhaps?

It seemed that the three remaining teeth were to be given as a trophy to
those among them deemed most valiant. Each in turn named the Forsaken
that he or she thought most worthy, no-one naming themselves. The fallen
Hawk-Eye was named once, and there were murmurs of approval. Grigor also
heard Melody-of-Iron's name at least twice. When it came to his turn,
Grigor was heartened to notice that a latecomer had arrived at the
gathering, a still limping Dalu, walking with the aid of a makeshift
wooden crutch. "Stone Jaws", Grigor called out, nominating the Forsaken
from the earlier fight against the spirits, and the other nodded
slightly at him in acknowledgement.

After the trophies had been dealt out, as dawn slowly broke, Red-Beard
gave a solemn funeral speech for Hawk-Eye. The body was lifted onto a
small bier of gathered wood, and petrol was poured over it. During the
cremation, each of the Forsaken stood forward in turn to say a few words
in honour of their fallen colleague. After most had had their say, the
glances of the dozen werewolves fell upon Grigor. He stepped forward and
took a deep breath, uncertain of what to say. The Rahu had never been
big on speeches, so he struggled to summon forth his new-found ability
to say the right words... "Hawk-Eye, unlike most here, I never had the
honour of knowing you, nor of fighting alongside you, and I will ever be
the poorer for that. I wish only that I could have arrived a moment or
two sooner, so as to be able to join you in your great battle, and share
in your glory." Grigor paused for a moment. "As for you as a man - and
as one of the Forsaken, one of the Bear Hunters, I leave to the others
here who knew you better -- older and wiser -- and to the spirits -- to
judge your qualities. But I will say this: You fell in a way that any
Blood Talon would be proud of, fighting to the last, against the
bitterest of foes, giving your all. Without your sacrifice, others would
doubtless have fallen in your stead. When my time comes, I should like
to have my end as you have had yours. Know also that I avenged you.
Farewell brother."

In the pale light of the autumn dawn, the remaining Bear Hunters stood
in silence as the bier burnt down to ashes. Each then made their way
home alone.

![<File:Wolf-jumping.jpg>](Wolf-jumping.jpg "File:Wolf-jumping.jpg")

[Category: Werewolf](Category:_Werewolf "wikilink") [Category:
Tales](Category:_Tales "wikilink")