## Intro: Hunt\!

After a period of calm, where the fighting in the immigrant quarter
ceased almost completely, violence seemed once again to be on the rise
in the south of the territory. Incidents where people were beat to death
with a blunt object increased in frequency, and there was no obvious
pattern in the victims: From lone people wandering to streets at nights
to families in their homes, everyone appeared to be a target. That most
were of Finnish or Ukrainian origin appeared to be a result of where the
killings took place: In the northeast of the area.

The pack first heard about the killings from the newspapers. Later on
the same day, [Grigor](Grigor "wikilink") overheard some of the youths
visiting his 'self-confidence through self-defence' course talking about
it. They mentioned that [Josif](Josuv_Stanov "wikilink"), a troublesome
youth that once also had attended the class, claimed to have seen the
murderer. Grigor decided to investigate. After all, the mafia had put
him in charge of the territory there.

His investigations soon led to success, as he was able to find the place
of the last killing only a short time after it happened. While he lost
trail of the murderer on the rooftops, he was able to have a look around
the scene of carnage before the police arrived. The arriving
[pack](Shadowclaws "wikilink") managed to follow the trail a bit
further, but lost it on the boundary of the territory, where a small
channel caused a wide gap between the houses.

The next night, the entire pack was patrolling the area, determined to
put an end to the perpetrator of those crimes. It took a while, but then
[Edouard](Edouard "wikilink") got lucky: While cruising down a street he
observed a TV flying from out of a nearby building. The noises from
inside left little doubt, and he hurried upstairs, pushing past fleeing
people. He found the rooms as Grigor had described them, in a total
mess. And then he found the killer.

His enemy reacted the decisive split-second quicker, and while Edouard
was still trying to get used to the half-darkness in the flat, his
opponent jumped him and hammered a blunt object into him. The force of
the blow was enough to knock him off his feet, and when he got up again
the aggressor had vanished. Calling [Grigori](Grigori "wikilink") on his
cell-phone, he went up to the roof, in the hopes of finding him there.
The pack arrived one after another, but neither Grigori nor
[Aleksandr](Aleksandr "wikilink") was able to stop the creature. Only
Grigor managed to keep on its tail, jumping from one roof to another. He
followed the creature to the [St. Nicholaus
Cathedral](St._Nicholaus_Cathedral "wikilink"), where it entered the
supposedly locked upper part - and vanished. All Grigor found was a
small trail of surprisingly neutral blood.

It was then that events started to unfold.

## Act One: Old debts

[Die Amazone](Die_Amazone "wikilink") called for a meeting with the
pack. She was accompanied by three other werewolves and had obviously
managed to be accepted into the Iminir tribe. Her request was a simple
one: The use of one of the pack's loci for a month, to aid in the
reconquest of her former territory. The pack took a day to consider, but
finally agreed, in exchange for a future favour.

At the same time, the [Prince of the
River](Prince_of_the_River "wikilink") also requested for a meeting,
calling in one of his five favours. Apparently, some object called 'the
Bleeding Stone' was an offense to his court. He wanted to destroy it.
The pack's part would be to find it and bring it to him. He lacked any
specific information about it, so their first task would be to find out
what the hell it was.

They got lucky: There was a newspaper story about a legend of a bleeding
stone, so part of the pack set out for the [Church of our Saviour on the
Blood](Church_of_our_Saviour_on_the_Blood "wikilink") mentioned therein.
They had little success. Grigori went to the library, researching the
legend, trying to find clues to what it was. He discovered a disturbing
thing: There seemed to be an older, nigh-forgotten legend associated
with a bleeding stone. This would make the object at least two millenia
old, instead of one. Whatever spirit was associated with it, it would be
quite powerful.

It took a trip to the spirit world and an annoying game with the spirits
in the [former theatre](garbage-burning_facility "wikilink") to find out
the rest. For a hefty sum of essence, they told the pack that the
bleeding stone was both a spirit and an artifact. It was, in practical
terms, a mobile locus possessed by its spirits. As it could change sides
at a whim, everywhere, it was close to impossible to hunt down. They
would have to find another way.

This other way appeared to be an old ritual observed by the more
important spirits in the inner city of St. Petersburg - a trial by
peers. It seems that most of the older spirits in the city adhered to
decisions made by a gathering of spirits at least their rank near - or
on - Palace Square, on nights when the moon is split. All that was
required was a majority by four votes. The pack's task was clear: Secure
the votes of at least four spirits of Jaggling rank.

## Act Two: A trial by peers

One vote they had for sure: That of the Prince of the River. After all,
it was him who wanted the stone. Die Amazone also agreed to help them
out as her favour. It was when they asked the other werewolves in the
city that they realised that there was a hidden cost: Obviously,
partaking in such a trial signalled the spirits that one would also be
subject to it. No werewolf wanted the spirits to decide about him, so
they could not find further sponsors this way. They even decided not to
call in the favour with Amazone after all, if they could find enough
spirit sponsors.

The [Steel Spider](Steel_Spider "wikilink") was the second spirit they
asked, and it demanded but a single thing in return: That a vehicle be
used in the sewers. They readily agreed, and it was not until they spoke
with the [smuggler spirit](Meister_im_Norden "wikilink") in the sewers
that they found out there was a hidden cost, again. The spirits of steel
constructs in the sewers were obvioulsy bound with an old oath to guard
the borders of the [red court](Roter_Hof "wikilink") - something the
Steel Spider would be free of, because she would become a [steel
predator](Steel_Predators "wikilink"). The smuggler spirit was unwilling
to help, not wanting to get involved.

There was another steel predator that would be able to help them,
though. During their first investigations, they had met
[T-34](T-34 "wikilink"), the spirit of a truck. It is the steel predator
hunting in their territory and to the west of it. Hit hard by the
introduction of a new speed limit, the spirit agreed to sponsor them if
they made sure it was removed. Though the pack was initially suspicious
that the spirit had agreed so easily, there seemed to be no hidden costs
this time.

[She-Who-Was-Eternally-Lost](She-Who-Was-Eternally-Lost "wikilink") was
the next spirits whose help they could enlist. Caught in a power
struggle among the gloomy ones against [Pitch
Black](Pitch_Black "wikilink"), she asked a heavy price for her help:
The lives of innocent people, lost in tragic accident. While she was
quite fervent about their deaths being accidental and tragic, thereby
falling in her domain and not in that of the red court, the pack was
still hesitant about it. Then they realised that they could use these
deaths to remove the speed limits, placing them in the newly created
zones. So they agreed.

While they still considered enlisting the help of [Prinz
Yaromir](Prinz_Yaromir "wikilink"), who wanted a spectacular action that
stopped the garbage-burning facility for some time, they had a stroke of
good fortune - or so it appeared. While investigating an urged in the
police station, [Angus](Angus "wikilink") was told flat-out by his
lawyer that they had another vote, because someone called in a favour.
The obviously possessed man was gone too fast for Angus to do something,
especially in the middle of a police station.

So they had five votes, with one uncertain, and an additional one for
backup: Die Amazone went to the meeting, to vote if the opposition
should have too many votes. It proved unnecessary - the stone dropped
into the real world at the [Palace Square](Palace_Square "wikilink")
close to midnight, and the pack went to the river to deliver it.

## Act Three: A bloodhunt

The pack went straight for the river to deliver the stone and finish
their task. Just when they had parked their van and started
disembarking, they came under heavy fire from the buildings on the
opposite side of the street. Retreating back into the vehicle, some of
them badly injured, they used their smoke grenades to get some cover
from the deadly fire. They then retreated through the River, Grigor
taking care of another attacker in a boat with a mighty leap, Aleksandr
shooting an attacker in a nearby car. Angus delivered the stone while
diving, at least taking care of that part. Aleksandr remained behind,
hidden by one of his Gifts, trying to gain more information on the
identity of their attackers. They spotted him, though, and he barely
made his escape.

Thus the pack was seperated, some of them heavily injured. They decided
to gather at their locus, yet only Angus made it unmolested: Grigor and
Grigori were attacked in the streets. Angus was visited by the chief of
police, [Nievo Ashkov](Nievo_Ashkov "wikilink"), who had received
reports that Angus and some of his friends were responsible for the
shooting. During their drive to the police station, they were attacked
by a black limousine.

It soon became clear that they were being hunted, as Grigor found fliers
indicating them as criminals and promising a quite high bounty for their
death, and a small bounty for any hints on their whereabouts. Police
quickly gave up the idea that Angus was responsible - not the least due
to the attack on Nievo and him on their drive to the station, so they
only had to deal with the threat of several hitmen searching for them.

As they started investigating the ones behind the attacks, there was
another shock: Grigor was told flat out by his boss that the mafia
wouldn't help him with that business. They helped him find those who
attacked them on the pier, though. They seemed to have only recently
arrived in St. Petersburg, on a plane from the states. When the pack
went to the address the mafia gave them, they found their assailants
slaughtered. As Grigors boss told them the mafia was not responsible,
this posed another riddle.

Their best lead in finding the ones behind the attacks was the cell
phone number from the fliers for reporting sightings of the pack. With
the help of Aleksandr's contacts, they were able to find it in a
welded-shut mailbox in some appartment to the east of their territory.
It redirected the calls to two public phones. After a thrilling vehicle
chase down one of St. Petersburgs more vivid shopping streets, which
ended with Angus tossing a flashbang into the pursuing vehicle and a
spectacular crash as the driver went out, they kidnapped both persons at
the public phones without drawing a lot of attention.

Interrogation proved exceptionally easy, and it soon turned out that
both of them were ordinary citizens short of cash, who knew almost
nothing. They would note where the pack had been spotted and tell it to
guys who came buy every thirty minutes. They were able to point them at
a specific building, though, which was likely the headquarter of their
attackers, as the same black cars that were looking for them were often
seen entering its garage. Gathering their sparse resources for a battle,
the pack prepared to enter the building.

The building contained a number of appartments, a doctor and a lawyer's
office. The inhabitants were able to tell them that the lawyer's office
in the top two floors was what they were looking for. They went in, and
hesitated just long enough for the secretary to ring the alarm. Combat
ensued, and most off the lower floor was ruined as the pack made its way
through half a dozen henchmen. Ascending to the top floor, they
encountered no more resistance until they reached the bureau of the
lawyer himself.

Crashing through the door in Urshul, they found
[Ivana](Ivana "wikilink") cowering on the floor between two spirits,
clearly members of the red court or violent ones. Ivana escaped
screaming as the pack threw themselves at the spirits, bringing them
down in less then a minute. They found evidence that they had attacked
the right place, but they did not find the lawyer himself. Then they
heard police sirens and decided to leave the building while their was
still time.

Checking back on Ivana by phone, Aleksandr learned she had been in her
appartment all day. It didn't take them long to figure out they had
found their enemy, after all. They just had let him escape.

## Act Four: A question of allegiance

Knowing their enemy had the ability to shapechange, the pack again faced
an opponent who would be almost impossible to hunt down. They needed to
find a way to clearly identify him and bring him down, without drawing
undue attention. And, more than anything, they needed to know whom
exactly they were facing.

Their investigations were met with problems, as few spirits seemed
willing to cooperate out of fear of retaliation. They also found out
that the [Handmaidens of Bloodshed](Handmaidens_of_Bloodshed "wikilink")
had been paid to hunt them down in the Shadow. Further adding to their
problems was the conflict in the south, with the [new
pack](Crimson_Tears "wikilink") reclaiming the territory of [Rote
Wut](Rote_Wut "wikilink"), which threatened to spill over due to the
other packs use of their locus.

[She-Who-Was-Eternally-Lost](She-Who-Was-Eternally-Lost "wikilink")
finally agreed to help (for a hefty price), and shed light on the
affair: Apparently, the spirit of the Bleeding Stone was not affiliated
to a court, but bound to its artefact. By destroying the artefact, the
spirit became unbound, and would have dissolved if not for the legends
on the artefact, which it would represent. The bloody christian legend
being enforced recently, the spirit would very likely change to the red
court - a new, powerful member, as it was a Lesser Jaggling.

So the Lawyer, a powerful member of the red court, had tipped of the
Prince of the River about the existence of the stone, and let the
werewolves do the work. Afterwards, it planned to get rid of them before
they realised they had been used. They were even able to learn his ban:
As he represented 'unfair justice' and drew his essence from people
wrongly sentenced, he was also subject to 'court orders'. The problem,
now, was how to get and deliver an order to a person who could be
anyone.

After a few days of research, Grigori and Edouard worked out a scenario:
Since the man convicted of murdering Edouard's friend would most likely
be severly punished, but was largely innocent, the Lawyer would likely
be there to feed on his aspect. Of course, it would be in a shape they
would not know beforehand, but Grigori remembered an old clause in
russian law called the 'order for truth'. The judge would issue this in
some trials, and it meant that everyone in the courtroom was bound by
law and god to be true. Now largely out of practice, it would likely
force the spirit to reveal its true form, as it was a court order
affecting it.

The pack hesitated initially, but decided to give it a try. Edouard
worked his connections to have the judge issue the order, reasoning that
his deceased colleague would have liked that. So the pack gathered among
the visitors in the courtroom, hoping for their scheme to fall into
place. As the judge issued the 'order for truth', a cry echoed from the
jury. One of them had jumped up and was running out of the room, his
hands pressed against his face. The pack instantly gave chase.

## Final: Hunt\!

Aleksandr was the first in pursuit, followed closely by Grigor. They
chased the man to a window, where he simply jumped out - followed only
seconds later by the werewolves. Outside, a black car and two man with
submachineguns were waiting. The Lawyer quickly boarded the car, and it
went off while the pack was held up by the two hitmen. They hijacked
another car and gave pursuit, just as the guards from the court building
arrived. Grigor managed to keep closely behind the car they were
following, despite them going more than a hundred kph in a tempo 30
zone. The car finally crashed next to the gates of the [Summer
Garden](Summer_Garden "wikilink"), the Lawyer getting out and running
into the park. Trying to simply run him over, Grigor accelerated. Then
the man simply vanished in the middle of the gate, and the pack's car
shot into the park.

Getting out and running back, they realised the gates were a locus.
Switching to the other side, they saw their prey vanishing into the
distance. The park looked very different from the real world: A
thunderstorm was blowing rain almost horizontally, and the ground was
flooded about 30 centimeters high. The Lawyer was also not the only one
here: They recognised the Ridden responsible for the killings in the
immigrant quarter blocking their way. One of its arms had mutated into a
giant club.

While part of the pack still chased the Lawyer, Aleksandr stayed back to
fight the Ridden. A deadly mistake: The beast only inflicted bashing
damage, but the force was still enough to almost knock the injured
werewolf out in one blow. The second hit send him to the ground,
battered and broken, close to death. It took a combined attack by the
rest of the pack to overcome the beast.

The Lawyer having gained distance, all but Aleksandr resumed the chase.
He left the park and ran onto the [Field of
Mars](Field_of_Mars "wikilink"). As they chased him across the place,
they noticed statues manifesting around them. Soon, the pack and the
Lawyer were sorrounded by statues of ancient warriors. A booming voice
was heard: 'Noone runs from combat on the Field of Mars\! Stand, and
fight\!'. Having nowhere to run, the Lawyer turned around and launched
himself on the pack.

Grigori took the man down with a brutal blow, giving in to his primal
fury. It took Angus all his power to restrain his raging packmate, so
Grigor was left to fight the spirit emerging from its slain host on his
own. A lesser jaggling, the spirit was a formidable foe, despite not
being attuned to combat. Soon, the Rahu was bleeding from several
wounds. Calling on his warrior gifts, he managed to bypass the defenses
of the spirits, getting in a decisive blow that discorporated the enemy.

A long, victorious howl sounded through the shadow. Once more, the
Shadow Claws had shown that they could and would stand up to any foe
threatening their territory.

[Category: Werewolf](Category:_Werewolf "wikilink") [Category:
Tales](Category:_Tales "wikilink")