Angus waved towards [Nievo](Nievo_Ashkov "wikilink"), who was examining
a crime scene. The yellow "do not cross" lines barred Angus from moving
any further into the room. Nievo stepped out of the room, grunting "How
come I am not surprised to see you here? You always show up at the crime
scenes of the *interesting* cases\!" Angus reflexively answered "Crime
scene? That guy wasn't killed here...", and instantly chided himself
silently. He had routinely checked the room with his Death Sight and
Two-World Eyes, to see if this was another one of the Spirit killings.
Luckily, this time it didn't seem so. "What?" Nievo looked at him
suspiciously. "How would you know? How *could* you even know? *I* don't
know this, yet\!" Angus cursed silently again. He was no
[Edouard](Edouard "wikilink"), who would have smoothly talked his way
out of this. In fact, Edouard wouldn't have let this slip in the first
place. "Look... it's the... how the body is... ehm, well. There's no
blood on the floor, but some here in the hall." He had seen, or better
smelled, the faint blood drops here just now, just in time.

Nievo looked around, and motioned his cops to secure the complete
hallway. "Hrm. I'd really like to know how you're always the one who
shows up at the more interesting crimes. Never at an ordinary mugging,
or burglary. I'd really like to ask, but I'm afraid of the answer I'd
get..." Angus didn't answer to that. Better to keep quiet, he thought.
And Nievo hadn't asked directly, so he needn't give an answer. This
time, at least. "But you're right more often than not", Nievo sighed.
"...far more often than not."

The two men left the building after Nievo made sure that the rest of the
work was done by his officers. "So, what is it that you want this time,
Angus?" Both entered a small coffee shop and ordered a cup. "I've been
talking to the [Eristoffs](Eristoffs "wikilink")", Angus replied. Nievo
laughed. "Of course you have\! I should have known... For years no-one
has talked to the Eristoffs, no-one even knew what they did. Then, right
after the raid on their houses, you're telling me that you're an old
friend of the family?" -- "Well, not an old friend. Not even a friend in
that sense of the word. But I've come to know [Ilya
Eristoff](Ilya_Eristoff "wikilink"), and... well... I'm personally
interested in his case, let's put it this way." Nievo put down his cup
of coffee. "The Eristoffs... they're frightened of something, I can
tell. I just don't know of what. And it's not only the recent attack on
their family. I wouldn't trust one of them as far as I could throw them.
A lot of shady business going on with that family. Hrm... but that's
politics, and I can't also care about politics. Enough work to keep the
streets clean, I have now". Angus tried to sound as non-committed as
possible. "Hm, I trust your instincts, as always, Nievo. Perhaps
whatever the Eristoffs are frightened of and the attacks are the same
thing? Or rather, whatever the Eristoffs are frightened of, that
attacked them. The first attack was in the south... I've read there was
some gang and organised crime violence there, recently?"

Nievo leaned back in this seat and crossed his arms thoughtfully. "There
was a lot of fighting down there... You know, you're beginning to sound
like a Russian civil servant\! \`That's not my area of responsibility\!'
The whole city is our responsibility, Angus\!" Angus shook his head, and
said in a very quiet voice that sounded like he was far away with his
thoughts: "No, it isn't. *Luckily*, it isn't. Enough work here
already..." Nievo decided not to press further.

\---

"All set up? Any problems?" Angus asked [Grigor](Grigor "wikilink").
"Nope, none at all. Called a few favours, but generally speaking not
much resistance. The mafia wants to see order restored in the south as
much as we do." Yes, as much as we do, thought Angus. It's just that
it's not the same kind of order that we have mind... And he shuddered to
think of the repercussions. Strengthening the mafia was never a good
idea, he thought. At least doing it this way, they could make sure that
Grigor was there to gain from the expansion. Better than nothing. He'd
have preferred to not involve the mafia in this, but currently Angus saw
no other way to "solve" the attacks on the Eristoff homes. A rogue group
of criminals operating from the south had set out to kidnap as many
Eristoffs as they could. A weak cover, but all that they could come up
with. They needed the police off the Eristoffs backs.

Under Grigor's direction, the mafia had planted a number of clues and
false leads on a number of criminals in the south. He hoped it would be
enough to convince the police. If not, he'll have to see if he could
exert some political pressure on the police to stop the case. He hoped
that wouldn't be necessary. Better to not get involved personally in
this business.

\---

The cop arrived at Angus' home and rang the bell. "Hiya Angus", Nievo
greeted and looked around. "Seriously, why do you live here, in this
hell-hole? There must be other apartments you can afford\!" Angus
invited the policeman into his flat. "Well, yes I could. But the rent is
cheap, and I am relatively undisturbed here. And someone needs to look
after the poor chaps that live around here..." -- "That's too noble a
reason... no-one would live here on purpose, Angus. Yet you seem to
do..."

They both went into the kitchen and sat at the table. Angus reached for
a bottle of whisky and two glasses. "Anyway", Nievo continued, "it seems
you were right again, with the Eristoffs. Some kind of criminal gang in
the south tried to kidnap the entire family. I don't know why, and I
probably will never know why, with the bloody Eristoffs being as
tight-lipped as they are. So I've decided to investigate no further.
I've got more pressing needs currently, there's been another one of
those empty, eaten-out corpses..." Augus took a mental note of that.
Another one of the [Rahglu](Rahglu "wikilink") corpses, that was
interesting. "And the Eristoffs seem to feel safe in their new homes. At
least they're more out-going, now, after the attack. Funny that..."

Angus shrugged. He poured the whisky into the glasses and passed one to
Nievo. "To good health, and rapid case-solving\!" The glasses chinked.
"I think I need a [holiday](Angus_quest_for_Harmony "wikilink"), Nievo.
Might be out of town for a few days." Nievo looked thoughtfully into his
glass. "Holiday, hm? If only I had the time..."

[Category:Werewolf](Category:Werewolf "wikilink")
[Category:Tales](Category:Tales "wikilink")