## Friendship

[Nievo](Nievo_Ashkov "wikilink"), the police head of the district was at
[Angus](Angus "wikilink")' door again. He still wore his uniform, and
had with him a smallish parcel. Angus invited him in.

As they sat down with the customary glass of Vodka Weekly's Weekly
Favourite, Nievo opened the box, and handed the contents to Angus. "You
know what this is?" he asked. "A broken bottle?" Angus replied
cautiously. Nievo snorted. "Well, obviously. But take a look at the
bottle, anything you notice out of the ordinary?"

It indeed was a broken bottle, greenish, seemingly old, with the bottom
part broken off. The glass was stained and dirty from then outside, but
impeccable from the inside. More staggering was the label: it was still
in perfect condition, denoting this in lovingly careful hand-written old
script as a bottle of Glenavon whisky, dated from 1882\! Angus' hands
began to tremble... He looked up to Nievo with a disbelieving look in
his eye. "What is this? Is this true? A joke?" -- "That's what I hoped
you could tell me, Angus," Nievo replied. "The bottle was part of a
small shipment that was found in a sunken ship a few weeks ago -- you
might have read about it in the papers? This old merchantman that was
sunk in the Baltic in the late 19th century? The shipment included a few
boxes of these whisky bottles, so we believe them to be authentic. We're
currently investigating them, but the distillery no longer exists.
Ballindalloch is the name of the village were the distillery was
situated, so much have found out. We also believe it to be a bottle of
Glenavon, a distillery that shut down in the very early 20th century."

"But there's a larger story to this... if you're willing to give me the
benefit of doubt?" The policeman looked at Angus, who smiled in return.
"Naturally, Nievo. You know this\!" Ashkov seemed relieved. "So, the
thing is quite strange. The boxes of whisky were sent to us to keep safe
in the evidence vault until those politicians higher up decided what to
do with them. Most probably they're still fighting who gets to 'own' the
bottles... they're incredibly valuable, or so I've been told." The Scot
nodded: "Yes, I've read recently that an old bottle of whisky was
auctioned off for more than 10,000 dollars. Depending on the type and
quality of these, each could be worth much more\!" He tried to tip the
bottle to see if any liquid was left. Nievo laughed, "haha, don't try...
there's nothing left of the contents of this bottle\!" Disappointed,
Angus took his glass of vodka instead.

"Now, these bottles were in our vault," Nievo continued. "And one day, I
got called to the station. Apparently, two policemen had entered the
vault, to take a closer look at those bottles. One of them then suddenly
attacked the other with this very bottle here. The victim is still in
hospital, and the attacker cannot remember a thing. Precinct talk is,
the vault is hexed, and nobody wants to enter it any more. Hah\!"

Angus took the opportunity to quickly scan the bottle with his Two-World
Eyes. Nievo's story sounded suspiciously like spirit world involvement.
But, nothing was visible on the bottle. Probably a spirit with the
collection, he thought. Meanwhile, Nievo continued his tale. "You know
me, Angus, I don't believe in these things. Hexes, curses... anyway, I
went into the room to see for myself. And -- nothing happened. But mark
my words, I am *certain* somebody, or something, was in that very room
with me, watching me. Nobody was there, not a single living soul with me
in that room. But I swear I was being watched. I've been on the streets
too long to not notice these kind of things. Do you believe me?"

Angus didn't know how much he should open up to Nievo. They've been
friends for some time, and both knew that the other party withheld
information that might jeopardise their relationship, or cause trouble
for the other. Both respected the other's commitment and knew their
limits. It was an unspoken part of their friendship, a "don't ask, don't
tell" policy. Angus could tell Nievo was worried, otherwise he wouldn't
have brought this up to him. There must be a lot going on in the
precinct now on this... In the end, Angus opted for a non-committal
approach that would still allow him to see for himself what was going
on: "Nievo, you know I trust you and your instincts. I have no reason
not to believe you\! Hm, let me see, do you think you could arrange for
me to have a look as well?"

## Emnity

Nievo had arranged for Angus to look at the evidence vault undisturbed.
No need to bring in any more visitors -- and witnesses -- than
necessary, if what the werewolf assumed about the vault was true.

Angus entered the room, and there was nothing out of the ordinary to be
seen -- at first. Shelves stacked full of boxes, plastic containers,
some weapons, all sorts of things. At the left end, just as Nievo had
said, two boxes containing a number of bottles. Bottles of whiskey,
identical to the broken one Nievo had brought with him. No-one was in
the room, and Angus quickly checked with his Two-World Eyes... some
spiritual activity in the shadow world, but nothing out of the ordinary
for such a site.

It must be in Twilight, thought Angus, shifting his senses into the
*shurilam*. Indeed, there it was -- a spirit hovering over the bottles.
Nievo must have extraordinary instincts, the Scot thought. Not many
mundanes could sense a spirit in Twilight\!

"Half-flesh\!" The spirit exclaimed. "Do not come near me\! Do not come
near my children\! They are all I have left, and they will last for
ever\! For ever I tell you\! I have seen what these people want from me,
they value my children. But they will not have them. They are mine\!
Every year I can guard them, each additional year will add to their
worth. They are mine, mine, mine alone, and none shall have them until
they are hundreds, hundreds of years old. And then, no-one will open
them, everyone will worship them, and place them in museums, behind
glass, to venerate them. No-one will want to do such a base thing as
*drink* my children\! Noooo, they are then too precious\!"

Angus could quite sense what type of spirit it was. It was evidently
even madder than the usual spirits he knew and conversed with. Locked
away under the water, in a shipwreck for nearly one hundred years would
probably drive everyone insane, the werewolf thought. It would have to
be some kind of whisky spirit, referring to the bottles as his
"children", Angus assumed. Driven mad by years of being locked in a
shipwreck? Does that even make sense, Angus thought?

"I am not here for your children, I am here for you. You cannot protect
your children for ever, and you cannot protect them here. This is not
your place to be\!" -- "Of course I can protect them, they are all I
have left\! There used to be a time, when me and my friends would
nurture our children, watch them grow and mature. Then, when the time
was right, we would watch how our children would bring friendship,
understanding, and community to all around them. My friends are gone,
all that are left are my children."

Angus check with his spirit senses, and tried to recall some of the
stories of old he still knew from Scotland. This wasn't a whisky spirit.
It was a spirit of companionship, left mad from years of being alone,
chained to bottles of whisky. The same whisky that friends would drink
when they meet, the same whisky that would hear the laughter, revel in
the stories, and feel the fellowship of friends meeting over a glass of
whisky. A sad place to be, locked up beneath the decks of a shipwreck,
many many metres below the sea.

"You may have lost your old friends," Angus started to bargain with the
spirit, "but you can gain new ones\! You can again meet your friends,
and watch your children grow, and please all. I can help you, I can
offer you a way out\! If you are willing to leave this world, and go
back to the spirit world, I will give you new friends, new...
*companions*. Enter one of these bottles, and I will see to it that we,
me and a group of my friends, savour it. We shall meet, and share
laughter, joys, and stories while we venerate your children. What say
you?"

## Companionship

Angus cherished the two bottles he got from the wreck's haul. It would
be a damn shame to open them, he thought. Whisky, probably well over one
hundred years old\! Still, he knew the bargain he had struck with the
spirit had to be fulfilled, and in the end, wasn't drinking the whisky
the reason it had been distilled and bottled in the first place? It
would be grand to be able to taste a mere drop of this whisky, and now
he could share two bottles with his friends.

The pack had met at the [Kaffeehaus Café](Kaffeehaus_Café "wikilink"),
all except [Grigor](Grigor "wikilink"). The Rahu had decided against
this meeting, as the police would be there as well. Just as well, Angus
thought, as it needed to be an amicable meeting of friends to please the
spirit. He wasn't sure what his packmate, chronically short on Harmony
and oozing Father Wolf from every pore, would do to the group here. He
would still keep some of the whisky for the two of them to drink
privately. And not only because the unspoken camaraderie of the two
would please the spirit. You care for your friends, Angus thought. And
Grigor certainly would care for some drinks and perhaps even a little
company with him, the alpha knew.

They all sat in a quiet corner of the café:
[Grigori](Grigori "wikilink"), [Alexandr](Alexandr "wikilink"),
[Edouard](Edouard "wikilink"), and Angus himself; as well as Nievo and
two other policemen from the district. Nievo handed one of the bottles
to Angus, who carefully took it and opened it. He took a sniff at the
bottle, and immediately smelled the rich flavours of the whisky.
Smiling, he poured glasses for them. Everyone was already trying to hold
their anticipation in check. "If this is really an 18th century or early
19th century whisky," Angus noted to the group as he handed out the
glasses, "it will taste very different from present-day whiskies as you
might know them. I have read that it will be much smokier, much heavier
as well. A lot more peat was then used in the drying of the barley. We
shall see, won't we?" His eyes moved along the table. "Slainte\!"

[Category:Werewolf](Category:Werewolf "wikilink")
[Category:Tales](Category:Tales "wikilink")